"""2. Europe Burning (Book 2)
In this book we review and analyse Europe’s current problems. We
will also look at possible solutions
“You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you mad.”
Aldous Huxley
2.1 EU’s Eurabia Project (The Eurabia Code) - Documenting EU’s deliberate
strategy to Islamise Europe
EU’s Eurabia Project – Documenting the EU’s deliberate strategy to gradually Islamise
Europe. The Eurabia Code is a developed work of what Bat Ye'or' started in her
groundbreaking book Eurabia: The Euro-Arab Axis.
Eurabia: Arab League states, current and prospective European Union members and
Israel.
By Fjordman
I decided to write this essay after a comment from
a journalist, not a Leftist by my country's
standards, who dismissed Eurabia as merely a
conspiracy theory, one on a par with The Protocols
of the Elders of Zion. I do not disagree with the
fact that conspiracy theories exist, nor that they
can be dangerous. After all, the Protocols and the
Dolchstosslegende, or "stab in the back myth" - the
idea that Germany didn't lose WW1 but was
betrayed by Socialists, intellectuals and Jews -
helped pave the way for Adolf Hitler and the Nazis
before WW2.
However, what puzzles me is that it is a widely-held belief of many (not just in the
Islamic world but in Europe and even in the United States) that the terror attacks that
brought down the Twin Towers in New York City on September 11th 2001 were really a
controlled demolition staged by the American government and then blamed on Muslims. I
have seen this thesis talked about many times in Western media. While it is frequently
(though not always) dismissed and mocked, it is least mentioned.
In contrast, Eurabia - which asserts that the Islamisation of Europe didn't happen merely
by accident but with the active participation of European political leaders - is hardly ever
referred to at all, despite the fact that it is easier to document. Does the notion of
Eurabia hit too close to home? Perhaps it doesn't fit with the anti-American disposition of
many journalists? Curiously enough, even those left-leaning journalists who are
otherwise critical of the European Union because of its free market elements never write
about Eurabia.
Because of this, I am going to test whether the Eurabia thesis is correct, or at least
plausible. I have called this project The Eurabia Code, alluding to author Dan Brown's
massive bestseller The Da Vinci Code. Brown's fictional account "documents" a
conspiracy by the Church to cover up the truth about Jesus. I'm not sure my work will
become equally popular, but I'm pretty sure it's closer to reality. The next time Mr. Brown
wants to write about massive conspiracies in Europe, he would be well-advised to set his
eyes at Brussels rather than Rome. It would be a whole lot more interesting.
What follows is a brief outline of the thesis put forward by writer Bat Ye'or in her book
Eurabia: The Euro-Arab Axis. My information is based on her book (which should be read
in full). In addition I have drawn from some of her articles and interviews. I republish the
information with her blessing, but this summary is completely my own.
In an interview with Israeli newspaper Haaretz, Bat Ye'or explained how French President
Charles de Gaulle, disappointed by the loss of the French colonies in Africa and the
Middle East as well as with France's waning influence in the international arena, decided
in the 1960's to create a strategic alliance with the Arab and Muslim world to compete
with the dominance of the United States and the Soviet Union.
"This is a matter of a total transformation of Europe, which is the result of an intentional
policy," said Bat Ye'or. "We are now heading towards a total change in Europe, which will
be more and more Islamicised and will become a political satellite of the Arab and Muslim
world. The European leaders have decided on an alliance with the Arab world, through
which they have committed to accept the Arab and Muslim approach toward the United
States and Israel. This is not only with respect to foreign policy, but also on issues
engaging European society from within, such as immigration, the integration of the
immigrants and the idea that Islam is part of Europe."
"Europe is under a constant threat of terror. Terror is a way of applying pressure on the
European countries to surrender constantly to the Arab representatives' demands. They
demand, for example, that Europe always speak out for the Palestinians and against
Israel."
Thus, the Eurabian project became an enlarged vision of the anti-American Gaullist policy
dependent upon the formation of a Euro-Arab entity hostile to American influence. It
facilitated European ambitions to maintain important spheres of influence in the former
European colonies, while opening huge markets for European products in the Arab world,
especially in oil-producing countries, in order to secure supplies of petroleum and natural
gas to Europe. In addition, it would make the Mediterranean a Euro-Arab inland sea by
favoring Muslim immigration and promoting multiculturalism with a strong Islamic
presence in Europe.
The use of the term "Eurabia" was first introduced in the mid-1970s, as the title of a
journal edited by the President of the Association for Franco-Arab Solidarity, Lucien
Bitterlein, and published collaboratively by the Groupe d'Etudes sur le Moyen-Orient
(Geneva), France-Pays Arabes (Paris), and the Middle East International (London). Their
articles called for common Euro-Arab positions at every level. These concrete proposals
were not the musings of isolated theorists; instead they put forth concrete policy
decisions conceived in conjunction with, and actualised by, European state leaders and
European Parliamentarians.
During a November 27, 1967 press conference, Charles de Gaulle stated openly that
French cooperation with the Arab world had become "the fundamental basis of our
foreign policy." By January 1969, the Second International Conference in Support of the
Arab Peoples, held in Cairo, in its resolution 15, decided "...to form special parliamentary
groups, where they did not exist, and to use the parliamentary platform support of the
Arab people and the Palestinian resistance." Five years later in Paris, July 1974, the
Parliamentary Association for Euro-Arab Cooperation was created, under the Euro-Arab
Dialogue rubric.
Bat Ye'or has highlighted this shared Euro-Arab political agenda. The first step was the
construction of a common foreign policy. France was the driving force in this unification,
which had already been envisaged by General de Gaulle's inner circle and Arab
politicians.
The Arab states demanded from Europe access to Western science and technology,
European political independence from the United States, European pressure on the
United States to align with their Arab policy and demonisation of Israel as a threat to
world peace, as well as measures favorable to Arab immigration and dissemination of
Islamic culture in Europe. This cooperation would also included recognition of the
Palestinians as a distinct people and the PLO and its leader Arafat as their representative.
Up to 1973 they had been known only as Arab refugees, even by other Arabs. The
concept of a Palestinian "nation" simply did not exist.
During the 1973 oil crisis, the Arab members of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting
Countries announced that, due to the ongoing Yom Kippur War between Israel and its
Arab neighbours Egypt and Syria, OPEC would no longer ship petroleum to Western
nations that supported Israel. The sudden increase in oil prices was had lasting effects.
Not only did it create a strong influx of petrodollars to countries such as Saudi Arabia,
which permitted the Saudis to fund a worldwide Islamic resurgence, but it also had an
impact in the West, especially in Europe.
However, Arab leaders had to sell their oil. Their people are very dependent on European
economic and technological aid. The Americans made this point during the oil embargo in
1973. According to Ye'or, although the oil factor certainly helped cement the Euro-Arab
Dialogue, it was primarily a pretext to cover up a policy that emerged in France before
that crisis occurred. The policy, conceived in the 1960s, had strong antecedents in the
French 19th-century dream of governing an Arab empire.
This political agenda has been reinforced by the deliberate cultural transformation of
Europe. Euro-Arab Dialogue Symposia conducted in Venice (1977) and Hamburg (1983)
included recommendations that have been successfully implemented. These
recommendations were accompanied by a deliberate, privileged influx of Arab and other
Muslim immigrants into Europe in enormous numbers.
The recommendations included:
1. Coordination of the efforts made by the Arab countries to spread the Arabic language
and culture in Europe,
2. Creation of joint Euro-Arab Cultural Centers in European capitals,
3. The necessity of supplying European institutions and universities with Arab teachers
specialised in teaching Arabic to Europeans, and
4. The necessity of cooperation between European and Arab specialists in order to present
a positive picture of Arab-Islamic civilisation and contemporary Arab issues to the educated
public in Europe.
These agreements could not be set forth in written documents and treaties due to their
politically sensitive and fundamentally undemocratic nature. The European leaders thus
carefully chose to call their ideas "dialogue." All meetings, committees and working
groups included representatives from European Community nations and the European
Council along with members from Arab countries and the Arab League. Proceedings and
decisions took place in closed sessions. No official minutes were recorded.
The Euro-Arab Dialogue (EAD) is a political, economic and cultural institution designed to
ensure perfect cohesion between Europeans and Arabs. Its structure was set up at
conferences in Copenhagen (15 December 1973), and Paris (31 July 1974). The principal
agent of this policy is the European Parliamentary Association for Euro-Arab Cooperation,
founded in 1974. The other principal organs of The Dialogue are the MEDEA Institute and
the European Institute of Research on Mediterranean and Euro-Arab Cooperation, created
in 1995 with the backing of the European Commission.
In an interview with Jamie Glazov of Frontpage Magazine, Ye'or explained how "in
domestic policy, the EAD established a close cooperation between the Arab and European
media television, radio, journalists, publishing houses, academia, cultural centers, school
textbooks, student and youth associations, tourism. Church interfaith dialogues were
determinant in the development of this policy. Eurabia is therefore this strong Euro-Arab
network of associations - a comprehensive symbiosis with cooperation and partnership on
policy, economy, demography and culture."
Eurabia's driving force, the Parliamentary Association for Euro-Arab Cooperation, was
created in Paris in 1974. It now has over six hundred members - from all major European
political parties - active in their own national parliaments, as well as in the European
parliament. France continues to be the key protagonist of this association.
A wide-ranging policy was sketched out. It entailed a symbiosis of Europe with the
Muslim Arab countries that would endow Europe - and especially France, the project's
prime mover - with a weight and a prestige to rival that of the United States. This policy
was undertaken quite discreetly, and well outside of official treaties, using the innocent-
sounding name of the Euro-Arab Dialogue. The organisation functioned under the
auspices of European government ministers, working in close association with their Arab
counterparts, and with the representatives of the European Commission and the Arab
League. The goal was the creation of a pan-Mediterranean entity, permitting the free
circulation both of men and of goods.
On the cultural front there began a complete re-writing of history, which was first
undertaken during the 1970s in European universities. This process was ratified by the
parliamentary assembly of the Council of Europe in September 1991, at its meeting
devoted to "The Contribution of the Islamic Civilisation to European culture." It was
reaffirmed by French President Jacques Chirac in his address of April 8, 1996 in Cairo,
and reinforced by Romano Prodi, president of the powerful European Commission, the
EU's "government," and later Italian Prime Minister, through the creation of a Foundation
on the Dialogue of Cultures and Civilisations. This foundation was to control everything
said, written and taught about Islam in Europe.
Over the past three decades, the EEC and the EU's political and cultural organisations
have invented a fantasy Islamic civilisation and history. The historical record of violations
of basic human rights for all non- Muslims and women under sharia (Islamic Law) is
either ignored or dismissed. In this worldview the only dangers come from the United
States and Israel. The creators of Eurabia have conducted a successful propaganda
campaign against these two countries in the European media. This fabrication was made
easier by pre-existing currents of anti-Semitism and anti-Americanism in parts of Europe,
although both sentiments have been greatly inflated by Eurabians and their collaborators.
On January 31, 2001, with the recrudescence of Palestinian terrorist jihad, European
Foreign Affairs Commissioner Chris Patten declared to the European Parliament that
Europe's foreign policy should give special attention to its southern flank (the Arab
countries, in EU jargon), adding that he was delighted by the general agreement to give
greater visibility to the Mediterranean Partnership.
Bat Ye'or thinks that "Our politicians are perfectly informed of Islamic history and current
policies by their embassies, agents and specialists. There is no innocence there, but
tremendous inflexibility in corruption, cynicism and the perversion of values."
In the preface to her book, she states that "This book describes Europe's evolution from
a Judeo-Christian civilisation, with important post-Enlightenment secular elements, into a
post- Judeo-Christian civilisation that is subservient to the ideology of jihad and the
Islamic powers."
The new European civilisation in the making can correctly be termed a ''civilisation of
dhimmitude.'' The word dhimmitude comes from the Koranic word ''dhimmi.'' It refers to
the subjugated, non-Muslim individuals who accept restrictive and humiliating
subordination to Islamic power in order to avoid enslavement or death. The entire Muslim
world as we know it today is a product of this 1,300 year-old jihad dynamic, whereby
once thriving non-Muslim majority civilisations have been reduced to a state of
dysfunction and dhimmitude. The dhimmis are inferior beings who endure humiliation
and aggression in silence. This arrangement allows Muslims to enjoy an impunity that
increases both their hatred and their feeling of superiority, under the protection of the
law.
Eurabia is a novel new entity. It possesses political, economic, religious, cultural, and
media components, which are imposed on Europe by powerful governmental lobbies.
While Europeans live within Eurabia's constraints, outside of a somewhat confused
awareness, few are really conscious of them on a daily basis.
This Eurabian policy, expressed in obscure wording, is conducted at the highest political
levels and coordinated over the whole of the European Union. It spreads an anti-
American and anti-Semitic Euro-Arab sub-culture into the fiber of every social, media and
cultural sector. Dissidents are silenced or boycotted. Sometimes they are fired from their
jobs, victims of a totalitarian "correctness" imposed mainly by the academic, media and
political sectors.
According to Ye'or, France and the rest of Western Europe can no longer change their
policy: "It is a project that was conceived, planned and pursued consistently through
immigration policy, propaganda, church support, economic associations and aid, cultural,
media and academic collaboration. Generations grew up within this political framework;
they were educated and conditioned to support it and go along with it."
Are Bat Ye'or's claims correct, or even possible?
Bernard Lewis has pointed out that, by common consent among historians, "the modern
history of the Middle East begins in the year 1798, when the French Revolution arrived in
Egypt in the form of a small expeditionary force led by a young general called Napoleon
Bonaparte-who conquered and then ruled it for a while with appalling ease."
In an unsuccessful effort to gain the support of the Egyptian populace, Napoleon issued
[1] proclamations praising Islam. "People of Egypt," he proclaimed upon his entry to
Alexandria in 1798, "You will be told that I have come to destroy your religion; do not
believe it! Reply that I have come to restore your rights, to punish the usurpers, and that
more than the Mamluks, I respect God, his Prophet, and the Qur'an."
According to an eyewitness, Napoleon ended his proclamation with the phrase, "God is
great and Muhammad is his prophet." To Muslim ears, this sounded like the shahada -
the declaration of belief in the oneness of Allah and in Prophet Muhammad as his last
messenger. Recitation of the shahadah, the first of the five pillars of Islam, is considered
to mark one's conversion to Islam. Muslims could thus conclude that Napoleon had
converted to Islam [2]. In fact, one of his generals, Jacques Ménou, did convert to Islam.
The French were later defeated and forced to leave Egypt by the English admiral Lord
Nelson. Although the French expedition to Egypt lasted only three years, it demonstrated
that the West was now so superior to the Islamic world that Westerners could enter the
Arab heartland, then still a part of the Ottoman Empire, at will. Only another Western
power could force them to leave. The shock of this realisation triggered the first attempts
to reform Islam in the 19th century.
A positive result of Western conquest was the influx of French scientists into Egypt and
the foundation of modern Egyptology. Most importantly, it led to the discovery of the
Rosetta Stone, which was later used by French philologist Jean-François Champollion to
decipher the ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs. However, the encounter also left a lasting
impact in Europe, and above all in France.
The French invasion of Algeria in 1830 marked another chapter in this tale. Later, the
French ruled Tunisia and Morocco. Finally, after the First World War, the French gained
mandates over the former Turkish territories of the Ottoman Empire that make up what
is now Syria and Lebanon. After the Second World War, French troops gradually left Arab
lands, culminating with war and Algerian independence in 1962. However, their long
relationship with Arabs resulted in France's belief that she had a special relationship with
and an understanding of Arabs and Muslims. Along with French leadership in continental
Europe, this would now provide the basis of a new foreign policy.
President de Gaulle pushed for a France and a Europe independent of the two
superpowers. In a speech, he stated that "Yes, it is Europe, from the Atlantic to the
Urals, it is Europe, it is the whole of Europe, that will decide the destiny of the world." In
1966, he withdrew France from the common NATO military command, but remained
within the organisation.
Following the Six Days War in 1967, de Gaulle's condemnation of the Israelis for their
occupation of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip marked a significant change in French
foreign policy. Previously, France - as well as the rest of Western Europe - had been
strongly pro-Israel, even going to war together with Israel as late as 1956 against
Nasser's Egypt. From 1967 on, however, France embarked on a decidedly pro-Arab
course.
It has been said that English foreign policy has remained the same since the 16th
century. Its goal was to prevent any country, whether Spain, France, or later Germany,
from dominating continental Europe to the extent that it represents a threat to England.
On the other hand, one could argue that French foreign policy has also remained the
same for several centuries; its goal is to champion French leadership over Europe and the
Mediterranean region in order to contain Anglo-Saxon (and later Anglo-American)
dominance. This picture was complicated by the unification of Germany in the late 19th
century, but its outlines remain to this day.
Napoleon is the great hero of French PM de Villepin. Several prominent French leaders
stated quite openly in 2005 that the proposed EU Constitution was basically an enlarged
France. Justice Minister Dominique Perben said: "We have finally obtained this 'Europe à
la française' that we have awaited for so long. This constitutional treaty is an enlarged
France. It is a Europe written in French."
From its inception, European integration has been [3] a French-led enterprise. The fact
that the French political elite have never renounced the maintenance of their leadership
over Europe was amply demonstrated during the Iraq war. President Chirac famously said
in 2003 after Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic backed the US position "They
missed a good opportunity to shut up," adding "These countries have been not very well
behaved and rather reckless of the danger of aligning themselves too rapidly with the
American position."
Jean Monnet, French economist never elected to public office, is regarded by many as the
architect of European integration. Monnet was a well-connected pragmatist who worked
behind the scenes towards the gradual creation of European unity.
Richard North, publisher of the blog EU Referendum [4] and co-author (with Christopher
Booker) of The Great Deception: Can The European Union Survive, relates that for years
- at least from the 1920s - Jean Monnet had dreamed of building a "United States of
Europe." Although what Monnet really had in mind was the creation of a European entity
with all the attributes of a state, an "anodyne phrasing was deliberately chosen with a
view to making it difficult to dilute by converting it into just another intergovernmental
body. It was also couched in this fashion so that it would not scare off national
governments by emphasising that its purpose was to override their sovereignty."
In their analysis of the EU's history, the authors claim that the EU was not born out of
WW2, as many people seem to think. It had been planned at least a generation before
that.
The Schuman Declaration of 9 May 1950, widely presented as the beginning of the efforts
towards a European Union and commemorated in "Europe Day," contains phrases which
state that it is "a first step in the federation of Europe", and that "this proposal will lead
to the realisation of the first concrete foundation of a European federation." However, as
critics of the EU have noted, these political objectives are usually omitted when the
Declaration is referred to, and most people are unaware of their existence.
A federation is, of course, a State and "yet for decades now the champions of EC/EU
integration have been swearing blind that they have no knowledge of any such plans. The
EEC/EC/EU has steadily acquired ever more features of a supranational Federation: flag,
anthem, Parliament, Supreme Court, currency, laws."
The EU founders "were careful only to show their citizens the benign features of their
project. It had been designed to be implemented incrementally, as an ongoing process,
so that no single phase of the project would arouse sufficient opposition as to stop or
derail it."
Booker and North call the European Union "a slow-motion coup d'état: the most
spectacular coup d'état in history," designed to gradually and carefully sideline the
democratic process and subdue the older nation states of Europe without saying so
publicly.
The irony is that France is now held hostage [5] by the very forces she herself set in
motion. The Jihad riots by Muslim immigrants in France in 2005 demonstrated that
Eurabia is no longer a matter of French foreign policy, it is now French domestic policy.
France will burn unless she continues to appease Arabs and agree to their agenda.
The growth of the Islamic population is explosive. According to some, one out of three
babies born in France is a Muslim. Hundreds of Muslim ghettos already de facto follow
sharia, not French law. Some believe France will quietly become a Muslim country, while
others are predicting a civil war in the near future.
Maybe there is some poetic justice in the fact that the country that initiated and has led
the formation of Eurabia will now be destroyed by its own Frankenstein monster.
However, gloating over France's dilemma won't help. The impending downfall of France is
bad news for the rest of the West. What will happen to French financial resources? Above
all, who will inherit hundreds of nuclear warheads? Will these weapons fall into the hands
of Jihadist Muslims, too?
MEDEA (the European Institute for Research on Mediterranean and Euro-Arab
Cooperation), supported by the European Commission, is one of the key components of
the Euro-Arab dialogue. On its own webpage, it states that:
"The Euro-Arab Dialogue as a forum shared by the European Community and the League
of Arab States arose out of a French initiative and was launched at the European Council
in Copenhagen in December 1973, shortly after the "October War" and the oil embargo.
As the Europeans saw it, it was to be a forum to discuss economic affairs, whereas the
Arab side saw it rather as one to discuss political affairs.
MEDEA Institute wishes to be a resource and a reference point for people wanting to
engage in the Euro-Mediterranean dialogue. Via its meetings and talks the Institute seeks
to create exchanges between political, economic, and diplomatic players, experts,
journalists, academics and others."
As Bat Ye'or points out, while most of the workings of Eurabia are hidden from the public
view, sometimes we can catch glimpses of it if we know what to look for. If you search
the archives of the MEDEA website and other sources and read the documents carefully,
the information is there. Even more material exists on paper, both in French and in
English. I argue, as does Bat Ye'or, that there are sufficient amounts of information
available to validate the thesis of Eurabia.
One of the documents Bat Ye'or was kind enough to send me (which she mentions in the
French version of her book about Eurabia but not in the English version) is the Common
Strategy of the European Council - Vision of the EU for the Mediterranean Region, from
June 19th 2000.
It includes many recommendations, such as:
"to elaborate partnership-building measures, notably by promoting regular consultations
and exchanges of information with its Mediterranean partners, support the interconnection
of infrastructure between Mediterranean partners, and between them and the EU, take all
necessary measures to facilitate and encourage the involvement of civil society as well as
the further development of human exchanges between the EU and the Mediterranean
partners. NGOs will be encouraged to participate in cooperation at bilateral and regional
levels. Particular attention will be paid to the media and universities [my emphasis]."
It also includes the goal of assisting the Arab partners with "the process of achieving free
trade with the EU." This may be less innocent than it sounds, as I will come back to later.
The Strategy also wants to "pursue, in order to fight intolerance, racism and xenophobia,
the dialogue between cultures and civilisations." Notice that this statement preceded
both the start of the second Palestinian intifada as well as the terror attacks of
September 11th 2001. It was thus part of an ongoing process, rather than a response to
any particular international incident.
One point in the document is particularly interesting. The EU wanted to "promote the
identification of correspondences between legal systems of different inspirations in order
to resolve civil law problems relating to individuals: laws of succession and family law,
including divorce."
In plain English, it is difficult to see this bureaucratic obfuscation as anything other than
an indicator that the EU countries will be lenient, adjusting their secular legislation to the
sharia requirements of Muslim immigrants in family matters.
In another document from December 2003, which is available online, Javier Solana, the
Secretary General of the Council of the European Union, Romano Prodi, President of the
European Commission and Chris Patten, member of the European Commission, have
signed a plan for "Strengthening the EU's Partnership with the Arab World."
This includes the creation of a free trade area, but also plans to "invigorate
cultural/religious/civilisation and media dialogue using existing or planned instruments,
including the planned Euro-Mediterranean Foundation for the Dialogue of Cultures and
Civilisations.
Arab immigrants make a substantial contribution to the development of Europe. The EU
is firmly committed to fight all manifestations of racism and discrimination in all its
forms. [What constitutes discrimination? Secular laws?] Full respect for the rights of
immigrants in Europe is a consistent policy throughout Europe. Its implementation should
be improved further and co-operation in the framework of existing agreements should be
enhanced to take into account the concerns of Arab partners."
Super-Eurocrat Romano Prodi wants more cooperation with Arab countries. He talks
about a free trade zone with the Arab world, but this implies that Arab countries would
enjoy access to the four freedoms of the EU's inner market, which includes the free
movement of people across national borders. This fact, the potentially massive
implications of establishing an "inner market" with an Arab world with a booming
population growth, is virtually NEVER debated or even mentioned in European media. Yet
it could mean the end of Europe as we once knew it.
Another statement [6] from the "Sixth Euro-Med Ministerial Conference: reinforcing and
bringing the Partnership forward" in Brussels, 28 November 2003, makes the intention of
this internal Euro-Mediterranean market:
"This initiative offers the EU's neighbouring partners, in exchange for tangible political and
economic reforms, gradual integration into the expanded European internal market and the
possibility of ultimately reaching the EU's four fundamental freedoms: free movement of
goods, services, capital and people [my emphasis]. Ministers are also expected to back
the Commission's proposal1 to set up a Euro-Mediterranean Foundation for the Dialogue of
Cultures, a Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly."
In June 2006, then newly elected Italian Prime Minister Romano Prodi stated that [7]:
"It's time to look south and relaunch a new policy of cooperation for the Mediterranean."
Prodi was outlining a joint Italian-Spanish initiative which sought to provide countries
facing the Mediterranean with "different" political solutions from those offered in the
Euro-Mediterranean partnership. The prime minister then explained that the Barcelona
Process - whose best known aspect is the creation of a free trade zone by 2010 - was no
longer sufficient and a new different approach was needed. "The countries on the
southern shores of the Mediterranean expect that from us" he added.
Notice how Prodi, whom Bat Ye'or has identified as a particularly passionate Eurabian,
referred to what the Arabs expected from European leaders. He failed to say whether or
not there was great excitement among Europeans over the prospect of an even freer flow
of migrants from Arab countries and Turkey, which is what will result from this "Euro-
Mediterranean free trade zone."
During the Euro-Mediterranean mid-term Meeting of Ministers of Foreign Affairs in Dublin
in May 2004 [8], the participants declared that:
"Work is now in progress to develop an agreed view on relations with the area which
extends from Mauritania to Iran - the Mediterranean and the Middle East. The [European]
Union has proposed to include Mediterranean partners in the European Neighbourhood
Policy."
The EU can offer a more intensive political dialogue and greater access to EU programmes
and policies, including their gradual participation in the four freedoms particularly the
Single Market, as well as reinforced co-operation on justice and home affairs."
Again, exactly what does "co-operation on justice and home affairs" with Egypt, Syria
and Algeria mean? I don't know, but I'm not sure whether I will like the answer.
The Barcelona declaration [9] from 1995 encouraged "contacts between
parliamentarians" and invited the European Parliament, with other Parliaments, to launch
"the Euro-Mediterranean parliamentary dialogue." In March 2004, this was converted into
a specific institution called The Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly, EMPA (pdf)
[10]. During the Euro-Mediterranean Ministerial Conference in Crete in May 2003, the
Ministers included a provision which envisaged the consultative role the Parliamentary
Assembly will play within the framework of the Barcelona process.
EU Commissioner Chris Patten has reiterated the European Commission's readiness to
co-operate fully with the Assembly, giving the Assembly the right to comment on any
subject of interest to the Euro-Arab Dialogue.
The Assembly consists of 120 members from EU countries, both members of national
parliaments and of the European Parliament, and an equal number of representatives
from the Parliaments of the Mediterranean partner countries.
Like most Europeans, I hadn't even heard about this institution before coming across it
during an Internet search. However, it is apparently going to influence the future of my
entire continent. This set-up leaves me with some questions. When we know that these
"Mediterranean partner countries" include non-democratic Arab countries such as Syria,
isn't it disturbing that representatives from these countries should participate in a
permanent institution with consultative powers over the internal affairs of the European
Union? Especially when we know that our own, democratically elected national
parliaments have already been reduced to the status of "consultation" with unelected
federal EU lawmakers in Brussels?
The Algiers Declaration [11] for a Shared Vision of the Future was made after a Congress
held in Algeria in February 2006. The document states that: "It is essential to create a
Euro-Mediterranean entity founded on Universal Values" and that "It is crucial to
positively emphasise all common cultural heritage, even if marginalised or forgotten." A
Common Action Plan draws up a large number of recommendations on how to achieve
this new Euro-Mediterranean entity. Among these recommendations are:
• Adapt existing organisations and the contents of media to the objectives of the North-
South dialogue, and set up a Euro-Mediterranean journalism centre
• Set up a network jointly managed by the Mediterranean partners in order to develop "a
harmonised education system" [A "harmonised education system" between the Arab
world and Europe? What does that include? Do I want to know? Will they tell us before
it is a fait accompli?]
• Facilitate the transfer of know-how between the EU countries and the Mediterranean
partner nations and "encourage the circulation of individuals"
• Prepare action and arguments in support of facilitating the mobility of individuals,
especially of students, intellectuals, artists, businessmen "and all conveyors of
dialogue"
• Set up Ministries responsible for Mediterranean affairs in countries of the North and of
the South [Europe and the Arab world, in Eurocrat newspeak], in order to benefit from
a better management of Mediterranean policy;
• Train teachers and exchange students between the North and the South and set up a
network of Euro-Mediterranean Youth clubs
• Establish a "civil watchdog" anti-defamation observatory (with an Internet tool and a
legal help network), to cope with racist remarks and the propagation of hate towards
people of different religion, nationality or ethnical background
These agreements, completely rewriting European history books to make them more
Islam-friendly, and gradually silencing "Islamophobia" as racism, are being implemented
even now.
Walter Schwimmer, the Austrian diplomat and Secretary General of the Council of Europe
from 1999 to 2004, told foreign ministers at the Islamic conference in Istanbul (June15th
2004) that the Islamic component is an integral part of Europe's diversity. He reaffirmed
the commitment of the Council of Europe to work against Islamophobia, anti-Semitism
and other forms of intolerance.
The Council was also actively involved in the co-organisation of a Conference on the
Image of Arab-Islamic culture in European history textbooks, which took place in Cairo in
December 2004. The event was held within the framework of the Euro-Arab Dialogue
''Learning to Live together.'' [12] The aim of the conference was to examine negative
stereotyping in the image of Arab-Islamic culture presented in existing history textbooks,
and to discuss ways to overcome this stereotyping.
In the European Parliament, the German Christian Democrat Hans-Gert Pöttering [13]
stated that school textbooks should be reviewed for intolerant depictions of Islam by
experts overseen by the European Union and Islamic leaders. He said textbooks should
be checked to ensure they promoted European values without propagating religious
stereotypes or prejudice. He also suggested that the EU could co-operate with the 56-
nation Organisation of the Islamic Conference to create a textbook review committee.
In June 2005 in Rabat [14], Morocco, a conference was held on "Fostering Dialogue
among Cultures and Civilisations." The Conference was jointly organised by UNESCO, the
Islamic Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (ISESCO), the Organisation of
the Islamic Conference (OIC), the Arab League Educational, Cultural and Scientific
Organisation (ALECSO), the Danish Centre for Culture and Development (DCCD) and the
Anna Lindh Euro-Mediterranean Foundation for the Dialogue between Cultures
(Alexandria, Egypt).
Notice that this was months before the Danish Muhammad cartoons created havoc. It
was not a reaction to this issue; rather it was a part of a sustained, ongoing process to
promote the Arabic-Islamic culture in Europe.
Among the recommendations that were raised by Mr. Olaf Gerlach Hansen, Director
General of the DCCD: "We are interested in new actions in the media, in culture and in
education. These proposals include:
- Concrete initiatives to develop "intercultural competencies" in the training of new
generations of journalists - Concrete initiatives for links and exchanges between journalists,
editors, media-institutions, which encourage intercultural co-operation" - Concrete
initiatives for curriculum development through new educational materials and revision of
existing textbooks.
Although not stated directly, one may reasonably assume that among the "negative
stereotypes" to be removed from the textbooks used to teach history to European
schoolchildren are any and all references to the 1300 years of continuous Jihad warfare
against Europe. These recommendations were accepted and incorporated into The Rabat
Commitment [15].
According to Serge Trifkovic [16], "The present technological, cultural and financial
strength of Europe is a façade that conceals a deep underlying moral and demographic
weakness. The symptoms of the malaise are apparent in the unprecedented demographic
collapse and in the loss of a sense of place and history that go hand-in-hand with the
expansion of the European Union. The emerging transnational hyper-state is actively
indoctrinating its subject-population into believing and accepting that the demographic
shift in favor of Muslim aliens is actually a blessing."
He points out specifically the EU Parliamentary Assembly Recommendation N° 1162 (19
September 1991) on "the contribution of the Islamic civilisation to European culture." A
decade later, in its General policy recommendation n° 5: "Combating intolerance and
discrimination against Muslims," the European Commission against Racism and
Intolerance emphasised "Islam's positive contribution to the continuing development of
European societies, of which it is an integral part." It expressed strong regret "that Islam
is sometimes portrayed inaccurately [as] a threat."
The ECRI called on the EU member states to adopt measures that would effectively
outlaw any serious debate about Islam and introduce pro-Muslim "affirmative action."
European countries should:
• Modify curricula to prevent "distorted interpretations of religious and cultural
history" and "portrayal of Islam on perceptions of hostility and menace";
• Encourage debate in the media on the image which they convey of Islam and on
their responsibility to avoid perpetuating prejudice and bias.
Trifkovic says "Cynically defeatist, self-absorbed and unaccountable to anyone but their
own corrupt class, the Eurocrats are just as bad as jihad's fellow-travelers; they are its
active abettors and facilitators."
Eurabians want to create a unity of the Mediterranean region. This desire is strikingly
similar to the goals of some Islamic organisations.
The Muslim Brotherhood, regarded as the most important Islamic movement of the past
century, was founded by Hassan al-Banna in 1928, inspired by contemporary European
Fascists in addition to Islamic texts.
German historian Egon Flaig [17] quotes Banna as saying:
"We want the flag of Islam to fly over those lands again who were lucky enough to be ruled
by Islam for a time, and hear the call of the muezzin praise God. Then the light of Islam
died out and they returned to disbelief. Andalusia, Sicily, the Balkans, Southern Italy and
the Greek islands are all Islamic colonies which have to return to Islam's embrace. The
Mediterranean and the Red Sea have to become internal seas of Islam, as they used to be."
Patrick Poole describes [18] how discussion of a document called "The Project" so far has
been limited to the top-secret world of Western intelligence communities. Only through
the work of an intrepid Swiss journalist, Sylvain Besson, has information regarding The
Project finally been made public. It was found in a raid of a luxurious villa in Campione,
Switzerland on November 7, 2001. The target of the raid was Youssef Nada, who has had
active association with the Muslim Brotherhood for more than 50 years.
Included in the documents seized was a 14-page plan written in Arabic and dated
December 1, 1982, which outlined a 12-point strategy to "establish an Islamic
government on earth" - identified as The Project. According to testimony given to Swiss
authorities by Nada, the unsigned document was prepared by "Islamic researchers"
associated with the Muslim Brotherhood. It represents a flexible, multi-phased, long-term
approach to the "cultural invasion" of the West.
The Project has served for more than two decades as the Muslim Brotherhood "master
plan." Some of it recommendations include:
• Using deception to mask the intended goals of Islamist actions
• Building extensive social networks of schools, hospitals and charitable organisations
• Involving ideologically committed Muslims in institutions on all levels in the West,
including government, NGOs, private organisations
• Instrumentally using existing Western institutions until they can be put into service of
Islam
• Instituting alliances with Western "progressive" organisations that share similar goals
Included among this group of Muslim Brotherhood intellectuals is Youssef al-Qaradhawi,
an Egyptian-born, Qatar-based Islamist cleric. Both Sylvain Besson and Scott Burgess
provide extensive comparisons between Qaradhawi's publication, Priorities of the Islamic
Movement in the Coming Phase, published in 1990, and The Project. They note the
striking similarities in the language used and the plans and methods both documents
advocate.
As Patrick Poole says, "What is startling is how effectively the Islamist plan for conquest
outlined in The Project has been implemented by Muslims in the West for more than two
decades."
Youssef al-Qaradhawi, one of the most influential clerics in Sunni Islam, has predicted
that "Islam will return to Europe as a conqueror [19] and victor," was an important figure
during the Muhammad cartoons riots, whipping up anger [20] against Denmark and the
West.
According to Dr. Rachel Ehrenfeld [21]and Alyssa A. Lappen, "Clearly, the riots in
Denmark and throughout the world were not spontaneous, but planned and organised
well in advance by Islamist organisations that support the MB, and with funding mostly
from Saudi Arabia."
The current leader of the international Muslim Brotherhood, Mohammad Mahdi Akef,
recently issued a new strategy calling on all its member organisations to serve its global
agenda of defeating the West. Akef has called the U.S. "a Satan." "I expect America to
collapse soon," declaring, "I have complete faith that Islam will invade Europe and
America."
Ehrenfeld and Lappen state that the Muslim Brotherhood and its offspring organisations
employ the Flexibility strategy:
"This strategy calls for a minority group of Muslims to use all "legal" means to infiltrate
majority-dominated, non-Muslim secular and religious institutions, starting with its
universities. As a result, "Islamised" Muslim and non-Muslim university graduates enter the
nation's workforce, including its government and civil service sectors, where they are
poised to subvert law enforcement agencies, intelligence communities, military branches,
foreign services, and financial institutions."
In the Middle East Quarterly, Lorenzo Vidino [22] writes about "The Muslim Brotherhood's
Conquest of Europe."
According to him, "Since the early 1960s, Muslim Brotherhood members and
sympathisers have moved to Europe and slowly but steadily established a wide and well-
organised network of mosques, charities, and Islamic organisations."
One of the Muslim Brotherhood's first pioneers in Germany was Sa'id Ramadan, the
personal secretary of Brotherhood founder Hassan al-Banna. The oil-rich kingdom of
Saudi Arabia has granted an influx of money to the powerful Islamic Center of Geneva,
Switzerland, run by Sa'id's son Hani Ramadan, brother of Tariq Ramadan. Hani Ramadan
was made infamous by - among other things - a 2002 article in the French daily Le
Monde defending the stoning of adulterers to death. Tariq Ramadan, a career "moderate
Muslim," later called for a "moratorium" on stoning.
According to Vidino, "The ultimate irony is that Muslim Brotherhood founder Hassan al-
Banna dreamed of spreading Islamism throughout Egypt and the Muslim world. He would
have never dreamed that his vision might also become a reality in Europe."
Former Muslim Dr Patrick Sookhdeo [23] warns that the Islamicisation going on in
European cities is not happening by chance. It "is the result of a careful and deliberate
strategy by certain Muslim leaders which was planned in 1980 when the Islamic Council
of Europe published a book called Muslim Communities in Non-Muslim States."
The instructions given in the book told Muslims to get together and organise themselves
into viable Muslim communities. They should set up mosques, community centres and
Islamic schools. At all costs they must avoid being assimilated by the majority, and to
resist assimilation must group themselves geographically, forming areas of high Muslim
concentration.
Douglas Farah [24] writes about the largely successful efforts by Islamic groups in the
West to buy large amounts of real estate, territory that effectively becomes "Muslim"
land once it is in the hands of Islamist groups. Some groups are signing agreements to
guarantee that they will only sell the land to other Muslims.
The Brotherhood, particularly, is active in investments in properties and businesses
across Europe, laying the groundwork for the future network that will be able to react
rapidly and with great flexibility in case of another attempted crackdown on the group's
financial structure. Most of the money comes from Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
According to Farah, the governments of Europe and the United States continue to allow
these groups to flourish and seek for the "moderate" elements that can be embraced as a
counter-balance to the "radical" elements.
"We do not have a plan. They do. History shows that those that plan, anticipate and have
a coherent strategy usually win. We are not winning."
In March 2006 [25], the two-day plenary session of the Euro-Mediterranean
Parliamentary Assembly, held in Brussels approved a resolution which "condemned the
offence" caused by the Danish cartoons of the prophet Muhammad as well "as the
violence which their publication provoked." These MEPs and national MPs from the EU
and Arab countries also urged governments to "ensure respect for religious beliefs and to
encourage the values of tolerance, freedom and multiculturalism."
During the parliamentary assembly, Egyptian parliament speaker Ahmed Sorour insisted
that the cartoons published in Denmark and other recent events showed the existence of
a "cultural deficit." Jordanian MP Hashem al-Qaisi also condemned the cartoons, claiming
that it is not sufficient to deplore the cartoons as these things might occur again in
another country.
And European Parliament president Josep Borrell referred to the Mediterranean as "a
concentrate of all the problems facing humanity." He said that after one year presiding
over the assembly he "still did not fully understand the complexities of the
Mediterranean."
Following the cartoons affair, EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana [26] had travelled to
the Middle East and made joint statements with Islamic leaders that "freedom of the
press entails responsibility and discretion and should respect the beliefs and tenets of all
religions." Solana said that he had discussed means to ensure that "religious symbols can
be protected." He held talks with Sheikh Mohammed Sayed Tantawi of Al Azhar
University, the highest seat of learning in Sunni Islam, and Arab League Secretary-
General Amr Moussa.
Solana also met with the leader of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC),
Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu. Following their discussion, Solana "expressed our sincere regret
that religious feelings have been hurt", and vowed "to reach out... to make sure that
people's hearts and minds are not hurt again."
Only a few years earlier, Mr. Solana, then Secretary General of NATO, in a speech [27]
stated that "the root cause of conflicts in Europe and beyond can be traced directly to the
absence of democracy and openness. The absence of the pressure valve of democratic
discourse can lead these societies to explode into violence." The irony that he himself is
now trying to curtail the democratic discourse in Europe through the promotion of Islamic
censorship apparently did not occur to him.
Meanwhile, the tentacles of the vast, inflated EU bureaucracy insinuate themselves into
regulations on every conceivable subject. Some of the examples of the bureaucracy are
ridiculous; some are funny. But there is a sinister side to the European bureaucracy:
• The promotion of an official, "EU federal ideology" advocating multiculturalism;
• The denunciation as "xenophobes" of all those who want to preserve their democracy at
the nation state level; and
• Calling those who would limit Third World immigration "racists."
A report from the EU's racism watchdog said that more must be done to combat racism
and "Islamophobia." One method of accomplishing this is the promotion of a lexicon 28[]
which shuns purportedly offensive and culturally insensitive terms. This lexicon would set
down guidelines for EU officials and politicians prohibiting what they may say. "Certainly
'Islamic terrorism' is something we will not use ... we talk about 'terrorists who abusively
invoke Islam'," an EU official said.
Early in 2006, the EU's human rights commissioner Alvaro Gil-Robles's criticised a plan to
revamp Christianity as a school subject [29] in elementary schools in Denmark. Gil-
Robles said doing so went against European values. "Religion as a school subject should
be a general course that attempts to give students insight into the three
monotheistic religions [my emphasis]," he said. The "three monotheistic religions"
means Christianity, Judaism and Islam.
As I see it, there are several possible ways of dealing with the issue of education about
religion.
1. Teach the traditional religions within a particular country, which in Europe means
Christianity and Judaism.
2. Teach all the major world religions.
3. Leave religion out of the curriculum.
What the European Union does, however, is to treat Islam as a traditional, European
religion on par with Christianity and Judaism. This is a crucial component of
Eurabian thinking and practice. Notice how EU authorities in this case directly
interfered to force a once-independent nation state to include more teachings of Islam in
its school curriculum in order to instill their children with a proper dose of Eurabian
indoctrination. Notice also that they didn't ask for more teaching of Buddhism or
Hinduism. Only Islam is being pushed.
In another case, the European Commission rebuffed a call by the Polish president for an
EU-wide debate on reinstating the death penalty [30]. "The death penalty is not
compatible with European values," a Commission spokesman said. Again, the issue here
is not your opinion regarding the death penalty. The real issue is that the metasticising
EU has already defined for you what constitutes "European values." Thus, major issues
are simply beyond public debate. This innocent-sounding phrase "European values"
cloaks a federal, Eurabian ideology enforced across the entire European Union without
regard to the popular will.
Perhaps the most shameful and embarrassing aspect of the history of Eurabia is how the
supposedly critical and independent European media has allowed itself to be corrupted or
deceived by the Eurabians. Most of the documents about the Euro-Arab Dialogue place
particular emphasis on working with the media, and the Eurabians have played the
European media like a Stradivarius. Aided by a pre-existing anti-Americanism and anti-
Semitism, European media have been willing to demonise the United States and Israel
while remaining largely silent on the topic Eurabia.
In May 2006, a big conference [31] was held in Vienna involving media figures
(journalists) from all over Europe, who met with partners from the Arab world as a part
of the Euro-Arab Dialogue.
European officials responded publicly with "regret" to Israel's ambassador to Austria Dan
Ashbel's decision to boycott the conference on racism in the media because of concern in
Jerusalem that anti-Semitism was getting short shrift at the meeting. Speaking for the
conference - entitled "Racism, Xenophobia and the Media: Towards Respect and
Understanding of all Religions and Cultures" - an official claimed that anti-Semitism was
not taken off the agenda. This official countered that the meeting was "primarily a
dialogue between the media representatives of all the Euro-Med partners on the
problems that beset their profession. These include xenophobia, racism, anti-Semitism
and Islamophobia [my emphasis]."
Writer Bruce Bawer [32] thinks that many Europeans recognise that multiculturalism is
leading their societies to disaster. But they've heard all their lives from officially approved
authorities that any concern about multiculturalism and its consequences is tantamount
to racism:
"There's a widespread resignation [33] to the fact that multiculturalists control the media,
academy, state agencies, and so on. They know very well that if you want to get ahead in
European society, you don't take on multicultural orthodoxy. The political establishment
seems solidly planted, unmovable, unchangeable. There may be a widespread rage, in
short, but it's largely an impotent rage. Europeans today have been bred to be passive, to
leave things to their leaders, whose wisdom they've been taught all their lives to take for
granted. To shake off a lifetime of this kind of indoctrination is not easy."
According to Bat Ye'or, fear of awakening opposition to EU policy toward the Arab
Mediterranean countries led to the repression of all discussion of the economic problems
and difficulties of integration caused by massive immigration. Any criticism of Muslim
immigration is basically brushed off as being "just like the Jews were talked about in Nazi
Germany," a ridiculous but effective statement.
Bat Ye'or agrees with Bawer's analysis "concerning the totalitarian web cohesion of
'teachers, professors, the media, politicians, government agency workers, talking heads
on TV, the representatives of state-funded "independent" organisations like SOS Racism'
to indoctrinate the politically correct. This perfectly expresses the political directives
given by the European Commission to coordinate and control in all EU member-states the
political, intellectual, religious, media, teaching and publishing apparatus since the 1970s
so as to harmonise with its Mediterranean strategy based on multiculturalism."
Professional harassment, boycott and defamation punish those who dare to openly
challenge the Politically Correct discourse. According to Bat Ye'or, this has led to the
development of a type of "resistance press" as if Europe were under the "occupation" of
its own elected governments. This free press on the Internet and in blogs has brought
some changes, including the rejection of the European Constitution in 2005. Despite
overwhelming support for the Constitution by the governments in France and the
Netherlands and a massive media campaign by political leaders in both countries, voters
rejected it. Blogs played a significant part [34] in achieving this.
Only a few months later, EU authorities lined up together with authoritarian regimes [35]
such as Iran, Saudi Arabia, Cuba and the Chinese Communist Party in favor of "more
international control with" (read: censorship of) the Internet.
According to Richard North of the EU Referendum blog [36], "The most dangerous form
of propaganda is that which does not appear to be propaganda. And it is that form at
which the BBC [the British Broadcasting Corporation] excels. Perhaps the biggest sin of
all is that of omission. By simply not informing us of key issues, they go by default,
unchallenged until it is too late to do anything about them."
Vladimir Bukovsky is a former Soviet dissident, author and human rights activist who
spent a total of twelve years in Soviet prisons. Now living in England, he warns against
some of the same anti-democratic impulses in the West, especially in the EU, which he
views as an heir to the Soviet Union. In 2002, he joined in on protests against the BBC's
compulsory TV licence [37]. "The British people are being forced to pay money to a
corporation which suppresses free speech - publicising views they don't necessarily agree
with." He has blasted the BBC for their "bias and propaganda," especially in stories
related to the EU or the Middle East.
Conservative MP, Michael Gove and political commentator Mark Dooley also complain
about lopsided coverage [38]: "Take, for example, the BBC's coverage of the late Yasser
Arafat. In one profile broadcast in 2002, he was lauded as an "icon" and a "hero," but no
mention was made of his terror squads, corruption, or his brutal suppression of dissident
Palestinians. Similarly, when Israel assassinated the spiritual leader of Hamas, Sheikh
Ahmed Yassin, in 2004, one BBC reporter described him as "polite, charming and witty, a
deeply religious man." This despite the fact that under Yassin's guidance, Hamas
murdered hundreds."
Polish writer Nina Witoszek [39], now living in Norway, warns that people who have lived
under Communist regimes are struck by a strange feeling of dejá vu in Western Europe:
"Before formulating a sentence, you put on a censorship autopilot which asks: Who am I
insulting now? Am I too pro-Israeli, or maybe anti-Feminist, or - God forbid - anti-Islamic?
Am I "progressive" enough? Soon we shall all write in a decaffeinated language: We shall
obediently repeat all the benign mantras such as "dialogue," "pluralism," "reconciliation"
and "equality." Norway has never been a totalitarian country, but many people now feel the
taste of oppression and of being muzzled. I know many wise Norwegians - and even more
wise foreigners - who no longer have the energy to waste time on contributing to a
castrated, paranoid democracy. We prefer safety above freedom. This is the first step
towards a voluntary bondage."
She quotes follow writer from Poland Czeslaw Milosz, who won the Nobel Prize in
Literature in 1980 for books such as The Captive Mind, where he explained the
seductiveness of totalitarian ideology.
One essay by Milosz is titled "Ketman." [40] "Ketman" or "kitman" is an Islamic term
brought to Milosz's attention by Arthur Gobineau's book Religions and Philosophies of
Central Asia. He had noticed that the dissidents in Persia, long accustomed to tyranny,
had evolved a style of their own. The need for survival often involved more than just
keeping your mouth shut, but of actively lying in every way necessary. This strategy of
dissimulation and deceit, which is especially pronounced by Shia Muslims but also used
by Sunnis, is primarily used to deceive non-Muslims, but can also be used against other
Muslims under duress.
According to Milosz, a very similar strategy was used in Communist countries. Similar to
Islam, those practicing dissimulation felt a sense of superiority towards those who were
stupid enough to state their real opinions openly. In Communist societies, dissimulation
was just as much a technique of adaptation to an authoritarian regime as a conscious,
theatrical form of art that became increasingly refined.
It is frightening to hear people who have grown up in former Communist countries say
that they see this same totalitarian impulse at work in Western Europe now. According to
them, we in the West are at least as brainwashed by multiculturalism and Political
Correctness [41] as they ever were with communism. It is frightening because I believe
they are right. Have we witnessed the fall of the Iron Curtain in Eastern Europe only to
see an Iron Veil descend on Western Europe? An Iron Veil of EU bureaucracy and
Eurabian treachery, of Political Correctness, Multicultural media censorship and the ever-
present threat of Muslim violence and terrorism that is gradually extinguishing free
speech. The momentum of bureaucratic treachery is accelerating.
Native Europeans and indeed some non-Muslim immigrants are quietly leaving in growing
numbers, gradually turning the continent into a net exporter of refugees rather than an
importer of them. When large parts of Europe are being overrun by barbarians - actively
aided and abetted by our own trusted leaders - and when people are banned from
opposing this onslaught, is Western Europe still a meaningful part of the Free World?
Have the countries of Eastern Europe gone from one "Evil Empire" to another? Are they -
and we - back in the EUSSR?
Vaclav Klaus, the conservative President of the Czech Republic, has complained that:
"Every time I try to remove some piece of Soviet-era regulation, I am told that whatever
it is I am trying to scrap is a requirement of the European Commission." In an interview
with Paul Belien of the Brussels Journal [42] in February 2006, Vladimir Bukovksy warned
that the European Union is on its way to becoming another Soviet Union. Mr Bukovsky
called the EU a "monster" that must be destroyed, the sooner the better, before it
develops into a fully-fledged totalitarian state.
"The ultimate purpose of the Soviet Union was to create a new historic entity, the Soviet
people, all around the globe. The same is true in the EU today. They are trying to create
a new people. They call this people "Europeans", whatever that means. According to
Communist doctrine as well as to many forms of Socialist thinking, the state, the national
state, is supposed to wither away. In Russia, however, the opposite happened. Instead of
withering away the Soviet state became a very powerful state, but the nationalities were
obliterated. But when the time of the Soviet collapse came these suppressed feelings of
national identity came bouncing back and they nearly destroyed the country. It was so
frightening."
Timothy Garton Ash is considered a leading expert on Europe's future. Bruce Bawer views
Garton Ash as typical of Europe's political élite. Ash mistrusts national patriotism but
adores the EU. He writes about the need for a factitious European patriotism ("flags,
symbols, a European anthem we can sing") to encourage "emotional identification with
European institutions." And just why does Europe need the EU? Garton Ash's answer: "To
prevent our falling back into the bad old ways of war and European barbarism." Among
his suggestions is that Europe encourage "the formation of an Arab Union." He makes no
mention of Arab democracy. Imagining "Europe in 2025 at its possible best," he pictures
it as a "partnership" with Arab countries and Russia that would extend "from Marrakesh,
via Cairo, Jerusalem, Baghdad, and Tbilisi, all the way to Vladivostok."
The European Commission proposed the controversial idea of a singing event in all
member states to celebrate the European Union's 50th "birthday," the 50th anniversary
of the 1957 Treaty of Rome. Commissioner Margot Wallstrom was lobbying for big-style
birthday celebrations to "highlight the benefits that European integration has brought to
its citizens." Diplomats said the idea had sparked feelings of disgust among new,
formerly Communist member states such as Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic,
which were reminded of "Stalinist times" when people were forced by the state to sing.
Brussels decided on a more modest celebration, also intended to spend around €300,000
on the appointment of 50 citizen "ambassadors," dubbed the "Faces of Europe," who are
supposed to "tell their story" throughout the year on what the EU means to them in their
daily life, as well as a series of activities for school children and youngsters. Germany will
go ahead with its own idea to let thousands of its bakeries bake 54 sorts of cakes with
recipes from all 27 member states.
Commissioner Wallstrom [43] in 2005 argued that politicians who resisted pooling
national sovereignty risked a return to Nazi horrors of the 1930s and 1940s. Her fellow
commissioners also issued a joint declaration, stating that EU citizens should pay tribute
to the dead of the Second World War by voting Yes to the EU Constitution. The
commissioners gave the EU sole credit for ending the Cold War, making no mention of the
role of NATO or the United States.
Is the EU an instrument to end wars? In October 2006, Michel Thoomis, the secretary
general of the French Action Police trade union, warned of a civil war [44] in France
created by Muslim immigrants:
"We are in a state of civil war, orchestrated by radical Islamists. This is not a question of
urban violence any more, it is an intifada, with stones and Molotov cocktails. You no longer
see two or three youths confronting police, you see whole tower blocks emptying into the
streets to set their 'comrades' free when they are arrested."
These Muslim immigrants were allowed in by the very same European elites who now
want European citizens to celebrate their work through cakes and songs. While civil
society is disintegrating in Western Europe due to Islamic pressures, EU authorities are
working to increase Muslim immigration, while congratulating themselves for bringing
peace to the continent. What peace? Where?
The Peace of Westphalia [45] in 1648 ended the Thirty Years' War, the last major
religious war in Europe, and helped lay the foundations for modern nation states. Before
nation states, we thus had a pattern of borderless religious wars and civil wars. This is
what we have returned to, full circle, only this time a borderless Jihad is triggering civil
wars in Europe. While the EU may help prevent wars between nation states with old
grudges, such as Germany and France, it may also actively cause other kinds of wars. It
accomplishes this by increasing Multicultural tensions and a dangerous sense of
estrangement between citizens and those who are supposed to be their leaders.
Wars have existed for thousands of years before the advent of the modern nation state.
It is far more likely that weakening nation states will end our democratic system, a
system which is closely tied to the existence of sovereign nation states, than that it will
end wars.
When asked whether the member countries of the EU joined the union voluntarily, and
whether the resulting integration reflects the democratic will of Europeans, Vladimir
Bukovksy replied, "No, they did not. Look at Denmark which voted against the Maastricht
treaty twice. Look at Ireland [which voted against the Nice treaty]. Look at many other
countries, they are under enormous pressure. It is almost blackmail. It is a trick for
idiots. The people have to vote in referendums until the people vote the way that is
wanted. Then they have to stop voting. Why stop? Let us continue voting. The European
Union is what Americans would call a shotgun marriage."
In 1992, Bukovksy had unprecedented access to Politburo and other Soviet secret
documents, as described in his book, Judgement in Moscow. In January 1989, during a
meeting between Soviet leader Gorbachev, former Japanese Prime Minister Nakasone,
former French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, American banker Rockefeller and
former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, Giscard d'Estaing supposedly stated:
"Europe is going to be a federal state and you have to prepare yourself for that. You have
to work out with us, and the European leaders, how you would react to that."
This was in the 1980s, when most of the media still dismissed as scaremongering any
talk of a political union that would subdue the nation states. Fifteen years later, Valéry
Giscard d'Estaing became the chief drafter of the truly awful EU Constitution, an
impenetrable brick of a book, hundreds of pages long, and lacking any of the checks and
balances so crucial to the American Constitution. Giscard has argued that the rejection of
the Constitution in the French and Dutch referenda in 2005 "was a mistake which will
have to be corrected" and insisted that "In the end, the text will be adopted."
Giscard has also said that "it was a mistake to use the referendum process" because "it is
not possible for anyone to understand [46] the full text." Does it instill confidence among
the citizens of Europe that we are supposed to be under the authority of a "Constitution"
that is too complex for most non-bureaucrats to understand? According to Spain's justice
minister [47] Juan Fernando Lopez Aguilar "you don't need to read the European
constitution to know that it is good."
Jean-Luc Dehaene, former Belgian Prime Minister, said that "We know that nine out of ten
people will not have read the Constitution and will vote on the basis of what politicians
and journalists say. More than that, if the answer is No, the vote will probably have to be
done again, because it absolutely has to be Yes."
Journalist Nidra Poller [48], however, is more skeptical. Commenting on the debate prior
to the EU Constitution referendum in France, she noted a submissive attitude among EU
leaders towards Muslim demands: "The Euro-Mediterranean 'Dialogue' is a masterpiece of
abject surrender." The European Union functions as an intermediate stage of an ominous
project that calls for a meltdown of traditional European culture, to be replaced by a new,
Eurabian cocktail. And she asks: "When subversive appeasement hides behind the veil of
'Dialogue,' what unspeakable ambitions might be dissembled by the noble word
'Constitution'?"
The European Union gave the Palestinians $342.8 million in aid in 2005 [49] - or, more
accurately, $612.15 million when assistance from the 25 EU governments is included.
Even the United States has repeatedly donated millions of American tax dollars to the
Palestinian Authority, though not at EU levels. In July 2005, as a response to the Islamic
terrorist attacks on London a few days earlier, leaders of the G8, the group of influential
industrialised nations, offered the PA some $9 billion [50], dubbed an "alternative to the
hatred."
The West's largesse continued despite a demographic study in 2005 which revealed that
the number showing the Palestinian population in the West Bank and Gaza had been
inflated [51] by 50% by the government.
Almost all of the new infrastructure [52] in the Palestinian territories from the beginning
of the Oslo Peace Process in the 1990s - schools, hospitals, airports - were arranged and
paid for by Brussels. As Jihad was once again unleashed with the second Intifada in
2000, Israel stopped its transfer of payments to the Palestinians. So the EU stepped in
with another 10 million Euros a month in direct budgetary assistance to the Palestinian
Authority. EU Commissioner for External Affairs Chris Patten [53] stated in 2002 that
"there is no case for stating that EU money has financed terrorism, has financed the
purchase of weapons, or any similar activities."
However, a report by the Foundation for the Defence of Democracies [54] later found
that: "There is indisputable evidence that PA money has been used to fund terrorist
activities." This was confirmed by Fuad Shubaki, who used to serve as the finance chief in
the Palestinian security forces. According to him, former Palestinian Authority chairman
Yasser Arafat [55] ordered millions of dollars, taken from international aid funds, tax
money transferred by Israel and from Arab countries, to be used to purchase weapons
and ammunition, including the 50 tons of armaments on board the ship Karine A. The
transaction was coordinated between the PA, Hizballah in Lebanon and the Iranian
Revolutionary Guards.
In May 2006, Mahmoud Abbas - President of the Palestinian Authority after Arafat's death
in November 2004 and a leading politician in Fatah - talked to the European Parliament
about the peace process. At the same time, the al-Aksa Martyrs Brigades, the armed
wing of Fatah, threatened to strike [56] at US and European economic and civilian
interests in response to international sanctions on the PA. Financial support evokes no
gratitude in the Palestinians. However, they will threaten you with violence if aid is not
forthcoming. This is plainly extortion.
This shakedown corresponds to the Muslims' view of the Jizya, the tributary tax paid by
non-Muslims in exchange for not being killed. Documents from the Euro-Arab Dialogue
frequently mention about "financial assistance" from the EU to Arab countries. Bat Ye'or
points out that some of this Jizya tax is extracted from Europeans without their
awareness.
In November 2005, the EU's official financial watchdog [57] refused to approve the EU's
accounts for the 11th year in a row because they were so full of fraud and errors. The
European Court of Auditors refused to give a statement of assurance on the EU's $160.3
billion budget for 2004. "The vast majority of the payment budget was again materially
affected by errors of legality and regularity," it said. It specifically refused to approve the
budgets for the EU's foreign policy and aid programs, many of which are geared towards
Arab countries. Half the project budgets approved by the European Commission were
inadequately monitored.
The European Commission is considered the EU's "government," and thus the
government of nearly half a billion people. But it can release accounts with massive flaws
for over a decade straight because it is largely unaccountable to anybody and was
intended to be that way.
Muslims use deception to advance Jihad until it is almost too late for the infidels to stop
them. The EU federalists and Eurabians have taken a page out of the Islamic playbook,
and have been approaching their goals by stealth for decades, buried beneath a mass of
detail and technocratic newspeak all but incomprehensible to non-bureaucrats.
In a frank moment, Jean-Claude Juncker [58], Luxembourg's prime minister, once
described the EU's "system" in this way:
"We decide on something, leave it lying around and wait and see what happens," he
explained. "If no one kicks up a fuss, because most people don't understand what has been
decided, we continue step by step until there is no turning back."
In The Economist, columnist Charlemagne writes:
"What Mr Juncker and those who think like him are trying to do is, in essence, to drown
opposition to European federation in a mass of technical detail, to bore people
into submission. As a strategy, it has gone a long way. [My emphasis] The greatest
single transfer of sovereignty from Europe's nations to the European Union took place, in
1985, as part of the project to create a single European market. Even [British Conservative
PM] Margaret Thatcher, not usually slow to spot a trick, later claimed that she had not fully
appreciated the ramifications of what she was then signing up to."
Writer Christopher Booker has called this the EU's "culture of deceit" [59]:
"What in fact has been taking place has been a transfer of power (...) to Brussels on a scale
amounting to the greatest constitutional revolution in our history. But much of this has
remained buried from view because our politicians like to preserve the illusion that they are
still in charge. The result is that remarkably few people now have any proper understanding
of how the political system which rules our lives actually works."
I have used the term "neo-Feudalism" to describe the EU. There are definitely certain
elite groups in Europe who think that everything that's wrong with Europe is because of
"populism" - what others call democracy. The motive force behind the EU aims to cede
national sovereignty to a new ruling class of bureaucrats, a new aristocracy. This is a
throwback to the pre-democratic age. Karl Zinsmeister notes [60] that:
"The EU apparatus is exceedingly closed and secretive. Relatively few of the confederation's
important decisions are currently made by democratically accountable officials. On front
after front, bureaucratic mandarins are deciding how everyday Europeans will live. ... Many
Europeans, in a way Americans find impossible to understand, are willing to let their elites
lead them by the nose. There is a kind of peasant mentality under which their "betters" are
allowed to make the important national judgments for them."
MP Gisela Stuart was a member of the Praesidium which drafted the proposed EU
Constitution. She sums up her experiences thus:
"The Convention brought together a self-selected group of the European political elite,
many of whom have their eyes on a career at a European level, which is dependent on
more and more integration, and who see national parliaments and governments as an
obstacle ... Not once in the sixteen months I spent on the Convention did representatives
question whether deeper integration is what the people of Europe want, whether it serves
their best interests or whether it provides the best basis for a sustainable structure for an
expanding Union."
In 2005, an unprecedented joint declaration by the leaders of all the British political
groups in Brussels called for an end the "medieval" practice of European legislation being
decided behind closed doors. Critics claim that the Council of Ministers, the EU's supreme
law-making body, which decides two thirds of all Britain's laws, "is the only legislature
outside the Communist dictatorships of North Korea and Cuba to pass laws in secret."
According to British Conservative politician Daniel Hannan, this is how the EU was
designed. "Its founding fathers understood from the first that their audacious plan to
merge the ancient nations of Europe into a single polity would never succeed if each
successive transfer of power had to be referred back to the voters for approval. So they
cunningly devised a structure where supreme power was in the hands of appointed
functionaries, immune to public opinion. Indeed, the EU's structure is not so much
undemocratic as anti-democratic."
The European Union has been compared to the Roman Empire, but such comparisons are
not very apt. Rome was the military superpower of its time, while the EU is but a military
midget. However, there is one intriguing commonality: Julius Caesar was murdered
because he wanted to crown himself king. This was not a popular move among the
powerful elite in the Senate, who reminded Caesar that Rome had become a Republic
precisely because they had rebelled against the "tyrant" kings of old.
Caesar's successor Octavian, better known today as Caesar Augustus, is considered both
the first and one of the most important Roman Emperors. He downplayed his own
position by preferring the title princeps, usually translated as "first citizen". He also
preserved the outward form of the Roman Republic, paid lip service to the old elite, and
veiled the changes to make them seem less upsetting to the public. He may have been a
monarch, but he never called himself one.
Some might see a parallel in the present-day EU. When up to three-quarters of our
national laws originate in Brussels, what is then the point of holding national elections?
Just as in Octavian's Rome, the real power has been moved elsewhere, but the old order
is draped over reality as a democratic fig leaf in order not to upset the common people.
The EU operates largely by stealth; its edicts are implemented through traditional
parliaments, which are increasingly reduced to decorative appendages.
The funny aspect of this is that those who are against the EU are labelled xenophobes,
nationalists or simply anti-democratic forces. The EU is an organisation where unelected
bureaucrats dismantle democracy, yet denounce their critics as anti-democratic forces.
In order to create this new entity, the old nation states must be deliberately crushed.
Massive numbers of non-European immigrants are introduced, and the resulting situation
is termed a "Multicultural society". This demolition is followed by the demand that our
entire society be changed accordingly.
Since Europeans feel less "European" than they experience themselves as French, Italian,
Dutch, etc., national allegiances have to be broken down. At the same time, an external
rival must be created. The closest model is Bismarck's unification of Germany. The
numerous German states rallied to Prussia's side against the French in the Franco-
Prussian War in 1870, thus paving the way for a new, powerful German federation.
The EU federalists strive to build a united European state through a shared animosity
against the USA, while constructing a Eurabian entity of Europe and the Arab world via
their common hostility towards Israel. One tactic is the deliberate use of the media to
whip up anger against these countries and to demonise them.
However, Bismarck's German states were united by a common language. Even if a "new
us" could be constructed from dozens of nations - which is highly questionable - melding
various ethnic groups into a cohesive nation takes centuries. Without a shared identity,
without a European demos, how can the EU be anything but authoritarian? Perhaps the
EU elites believe that a large mass of people lacking a distinct cultural identity would be
easier to control?
The problem is that the nation state itself has been declared evil or obsolete, not
collectivism, anti-individualism or totalitarianism. But there is a crucial distinction
between nationalism and patriotism, which George Orwell saw clearly:
"Nationalism is not to be confused with patriotism. By 'patriotism' I mean devotion to a
particular place and a particular way of life, which one believes to be the best in the world
but has no wish to force on other people. Patriotism is of its nature defensive, both
militarily and culturally. Nationalism, on the other hand, is inseparable from the desire for
power."
Totalitarian regimes can be national, such as Nazi Germany, but they can also be
supranational, such as the Soviet Union, which sought to suppress all pre-existing
national loyalties.
How was a project as big as the creation of Eurabia pulled off? I have thought a lot about
this question, and come to the conclusion that it succeeded precisely because of its size.
St. Augustine tells the story of a pirate captured by Alexander the Great. "How dare you
molest the sea?" asked Alexander. "How dare you molest the whole world?" the pirate
replied. "Because I do it with a little ship only, I am called a thief; you, doing it with a
great navy, are called an emperor."
It's a matter of scale. If a small group of people sideline the democratic process in one
country and start imposing their own laws on the public, it's called a coup d'état. If they
do so on an entire continent, it's called the European Union.
Adolf Hitler's autobiography Mein Kampf described a propaganda technique known as
"the Big Lie". The EU has adopted this strategy, which consists of telling a lie so
"colossal" that it would be impossible to believe anyone "could have the impudence to
distort the truth so infamously." This has been combined with the technique, perfected by
Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels in Nazi Germany, of repeating a point until it is
taken to be the truth.
Here are some Big Lies:
- Diversity is always good;
- Multiculturalism is inevitable, as is continued EU integration;
- Those opposing it are ignorant racists standing against the tide of history;
- Muslim immigration is "good for the economy" and is necessary for funding the welfare
state in the future, despite the fact that it drains away enormous resources.
The creation of Eurabia ranks as one of the greatest betrayals in the history of Western
civilisation. Does that mean that all EU federalists or those who participate in the various
instruments of the Euro-Arab Dialogue are evil? No, reality isn't that simple. As Hugh
Fitzgerald points out, "A whole class of people has gotten rich from Arab money and
bribes; lawyers, public relations men, and diplomats, journalists, university teachers and
assorted officials."
However, while ignorance, corruption and the self-serving search for personal power
explains some of the behaviour of the Eurabian elites, it cannot explain the behaviour of
ALL those thousands of people who have been involved in these networks. Some of them
must have convinced themselves that what they were doing was for a just cause, if for
no other reason than because human vanity demands that we justify our actions by
covering them with a veneer of goodness.
In the science fiction movie Serenity [61], the two great superpowers, the United States
and China, have merged into the Alliance, which has moved humanity to a new star
system. On the little-known planet Miranda, a gas called Pax was added to the air
processors. It was intended to calm the population, weed out aggression. It worked. The
people stopped fighting. They also stopped doing everything else, including breeding and
physical self-preservation. A small minority of the population had the opposite reaction to
this pacification. Their aggression increased beyond madness, and they killed most of the
others. Tens of millions of people quietly let themselves be wiped out.
Movie director Joss Whedon is careful to point out that the Alliance isn't some evil
empire, but rather a force that is largely benevolent. They meant it for the best, to create
a better world, a world without sin. However, according to Whedon, "Whenever you
create Utopia, you find something ugly working underneath it."
Former Europeans who fought against Jihad fought for a number of things: Their religion,
their culture and their nation. EU federalists and Eurabians are deliberately suppressing
all of these instincts in their quest to create a New Man and weed out aggression.
However, because they have wrongly identified the nation state as the root cause of all
evil, they are suppressing not just aggressive nationalism, but defensive patriotism. And
since some of the Muslims have actually become even more aggressive in response to
what they perceive as our nihilism, the Eurabians have suicidally disarmed their own
people, literally and metaphorically, and put them up for slaughter.
Many Communists, at least in the beginning, really believed in their ideology. The result
was mass slaughter; tens of millions of people were killed in the quest for a world
without oppression or exploitation. The road to Hell is paved with good intentions.
Regardless of how good your intentions may be, you cannot use millions of people as
guinea pigs in massive social experiments without also causing massive harm.
Perhaps one of the reasons why this has been allowed to happen in Western Europe and
the European Union is because we never fully understood or attempted to confront the
reasons for the abysmal failure of Communism in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union
following the Cold War. The concept of massive social experiments to create a New Man
was allowed to survive. It mutated and then migrated West. Jean Monnet, who set in
motion the process of European integration, reflected on how the European civil service
constituted a 'laboratory' in which a new kind of 'European Man' would be born. But the
New European Man, just like the New Soviet Man before him, is all but certain to fail.
Can the European Union be reformed? I doubt it. The EU is bound together by a self-
serving class of bureaucrats who want to expand their budgets and their power, despite
the harm they do. These functionaries will use traditional methods of deception to
counteract any calls for reforms so they can retain control.
It is instructive to watch the reactions of the EU elites to the popular rejections in France
and Holland of the EU Constitution in 2005. They put together a "wise" group [62] of
European politicians, led by Giuliano Amato, Italian Interior Minister in "super-Eurabian"
Romano Prodi's government, to come up with possible solutions to this impasse.
Suggestions discussed included dropping the name "constitution" in favor of "treaty."
The same Amato, who is a former Italian Prime Minister and also the Vice-President of
the EU Convention which drafted the Constitution, has earlier stated [63] that:
"In Europe one needs to act 'as if' - as if what was wanted was little, in order to obtain
much, as if states were to remain sovereign to convince them to concede sovereignty ...
The Commission in Brussels, for example, should act as if it were a technical instrument, in
order to be able to be treated as a government. And so on by disguise and subterfuge [my
emphasis]."
That a man who has openly bragged about how EU federalist goals are advanced by
"disguise and subterfuge" leads the attempts to "renew" the EU Constitution tells
ordinary Europeans everything we need to know about the EU. If the EU elites have
deliberately deceived us for decades to achieve their goals, why should we suddenly trust
them now? Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. These people
have fooled us enough.
"I think that the European Union, like the Soviet Union, cannot be democratised," says
Vladimir Bukovksy. "There will be a collapse of the European Union pretty much like the
Soviet Union collapsed. But do not forget that when these things collapse they leave such
devastation that it takes a generation to recover.(...) Look to the huge number of
immigrants from Third World countries now living in Europe. This was promoted by the
European Union. What will happen with them if there is an economic collapse? We will
probably have, like in the Soviet Union at the end, so much ethnic strife that the mind
boggles."
In their book about the EU, Richard North and Christopher Booker conclude: "The project
Monnet had set on its way was a vast, ramshackle, self-deluding monster: partly
suffocating in its own bureaucracy; partly a corrupt racket (...) The one thing above all
the project could never be, because by definition it had never been intended to be, was
in the remotest sense democratic." They believe the EU is doomed and will "leave a
terrible devastation behind it, a wasteland from which it would take many years for the
peoples of Europe to emerge."
I understand concerns that the destruction of the EU could cause "instability" in Europe.
It will. But we will probably end up with "instability" anyway, given the number of
Muslims the EUrabians have let in. The choice is between a period of painful years in
which most of Europe prevails, and death, where Europe simply ceases to exist as a
Western cultural entity.
Some would hope that we could keep the "positive" aspects of the EU and not "throw out
the baby with the bath water." I beg to differ.
The EU is all bath water, no baby. There never was a baby, just a truckload of overpaid
babysitters.
Multiculturalism separates people into "tribes" below the nation state level. This is
precisely the situation we had in Europe in the Middle Ages. Likewise, the idea that we
should "respect" other cultures by not criticising them means turning the clock back
several centuries to the pre-Enlightenment era. Multiculturalism is merely a medieval
ideology, and will generate medieval results.
Although the EU will fail in creating a pan-European identity, it has already partly
succeeded in weakening the traditional nation states. Across Western Europe, Muslim
immigrants tend to settle in major cities [64], with the native population retreating into
the countryside. This destruction of the coherence of society is triggering a return to
tribalism, as people no longer trust the nation state to protect them.
The process has been explained by Ernest Baert [65]: "Over many centuries, Western
Europe has replaced the tribe or clan by the nation state." The result was that "European
citizens tend to have equal trust in all other citizens of the same nation state outside
their immediate family and circle of friends." This "high-trust society" was a necessary
precondition not only for the success of a capitalist economy in Europe, but also for the
rise of democracy.
A different worldview prevails in the Muslim world or in Africa. There, individuals have no
choice but to fall back on their clan for protection. So what effect will the introduction of
massive numbers of individuals from "low-trust societies" have on our own culture? Baert
is pessimistic:
"There is little doubt that we live in the dying days of the multicultural fantasy. It will end in
misery and may lead to the loss of Europe as a part of Western civilisation. Our children
and grandchildren will look back to our days and wonder why so many so easily accepted
what patently contradicted history and common sense."
While ordinary Europeans live in fear of Muslim violence in their own cities and trust in
their own leaders is plummeting, EU elites meet in cocktail parties and congratulate each
other for bringing peace to Europe.
The European Union promised a Brave New World where wars and ethnic rivalries were a
thing of the past. Will it deliver the Middle Ages? Maybe that's what Utopias tend to do.
Sources:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/eurabia-code_19.html
1. http://www.danielpipes.org/article/90
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/657
3. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/06/why-eu-needs-to-be-destroyed-and-soon.html
4. http://eureferendum.blogspot.com/
5. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/04/fall-of-france-and-multicultural-world.html
6. http://ec.europa.eu/comm/external_relations/euromed/conf/naples/index.htm
7. http://www.adnki.com/index_2Level_English.php?cat=Politics&loid=8.0.311746780&par=0
8. http://ec.europa.eu/comm/external_relations/euromed/conf/dublin/index.htm
9. http://ec.europa.eu/comm/external_relations/euromed/bd.htm
10. http://www.europarl.europa.eu/meetdocs/2004_2009/documents/autres/note_/note_en.pdf
11. http://www.europeanmovement.org/key_themes.cfm?cat=MP
12. http://www.coe.int/NewsSearch/Default.asp?p=nwz&id=5616&lmLangue=1
13. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?
xml=/news/2006/02/16/wtort116.xml&sSheet=/news/2006/02/16/ixnewstop.html
14. http://www.dccd.dk/DCCD/cku.nsf/doc/olafg.hansensspeechjune2005rabat?OpenDocument
15. http://www.unesco.org/dialogue/rabat/commitment.html
16. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=23915
17. http://www.westernresistance.com/blog/archives/003067.html
18. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=22415
19. http://www.memri.org/bin/articles.cgi?Page=archives&Area=sd&ID=SP44702
20. http://www.memritv.org/Transcript.asp?P1=1026
21. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=22916
22. http://www.meforum.org/article/687/%92
23. http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1465349/posts
24. http://www.douglasfarah.com/article/92/europe-remains-center-of-islamist-focus
25. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/010829.php
26. http://www.metimes.com/storyview.php?StoryID=20060214-062639-6847r
27. http://www.nato.int/docu/speech/1998/s981112a.htm
28. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/010968.php
29. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/93360.html
30. http://www.iht.com/articles/2006/08/02/news/death.php
31. http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1145961388862
32. http://www.brucebawer.com/
33. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=24274
34. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4603883.stm
35. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/10/keep-internet-free.html
36. http://eureferendum.blogspot.com/2006/08/game-they-are-playing.html
37. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2002/11/08/nfee08.xml
38. http://www.prospect-magazine.co.uk/article_details.php?id=7483
39. http://www.dagbladet.no/kultur/2006/10/05/478767.html
40. http://www.slate.com/id/2105821
41. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/06/political-correctness-revenge-of.html
42. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/865
43. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?
xml=/news/2005/05/09/nve09.xml&sSheet=/portal/2005/05/09/ixportaltop.html
44. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2006/10/05/wmuslims05.xml
45. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1101
46. http://www.iht.com/articles/2005/06/14/news/giscard.php
46. http://51.883.-0.407subf41:LEocmje681673499621ВЈ
47. http://www.findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_qn4159/is_20050227/ai_n11829335
48. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/006392.php
49. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/008181.php
50. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/007084.php
51. http://www.americanthinker.com/articles.php?article_id=4992
52. http://www.likud.nl/press224.html
53. http://ec.europa.eu/comm/external_relations/news/patten/sp02_293.htm
54. http://www.defenddemocracy.org/publications/publications_show.htm?doc_id=250109&attrib_id=7393
55. http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1145961361493&pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull
56. http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1145961350957&pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull
57. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/11/11-years-chaos-for-eu-accounts.html
58. http://www.economist.com/World/europe/displayStory.cfm?story_id=1325309
59. http://www.brugesgroup.com/mediacentre/index.live?article=91#price
60. http://www.americanthinker.com/articles.php?article_id=4288
61. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serenity_(film)
62. http://euobserver.com/9/22641
63. http://www.europeannocampaign.com/351.html
64. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/012204.php
65. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1492
2.2 The Eurabia Code – 2008 Updates
By Fjordman
What has happened since 2006 is that European leaders are increasingly open about the
idea of enlarging the EU to include the Arab world, although they do of course not
present this as surrendering the continent to Islam. This hasn't been a total secret
previously – in 2002 Louis Michel, the then Belgian minister of foreign affairs and today a
member of the European Commission, told the Belgian parliament[2] that the EU will
eventually encompass North Africa and the Middle East as well as Europe – but why go
public with this now? My theory is that EU leaders consider their people to be defeated
and irrelevant. After the implementation of the Lisbon Treaty/European Constitution[3],
the people no longer have a say and can safely be ignored. They have held us in
contempt for years and no longer care to hide this. We are sheep and constitute no
threat while they must continue appeasing the Muslims.
Open plans for a "Mediterranean Union[4]" or "Union for the Mediterranean," which will
include all EU member states, Mauritania, Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Jordan,
the Palestinian Authority, Lebanon, Syria and Turkey, was launched in mid-2008, under
some concern among Arabs that such a Union might normalise their relationship with
Israel[5]. This came with plans for the creation of a "north-south co-presidency" and a
permanent secretariat as well as the definition of a ''short-list'' of priority projects for the
region. The European Commission proposes the creation of a co-presidency between the
EU and a Mediterranean (read: Muslim) country, chosen with consensus for a two-year
term. Brussels is drawing the institutional profile of what will be called "Barcelona Process
– A Union for the Mediterranean." Notice how they tie this explicitly to the Eurabian
Barcelona Process described by Bat Ye'or. Despite this, even after the Mediterranean
Union was launched, I heard claims that any talk about Eurabia was a "dangerous
Islamophobic conspiracy theory."
In a letter[6] appearing in the respected Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera, former
Italian President Francesco Cossiga in 2008 revealed that the government of Italy in the
1970s agreed to allow Arab terrorist groups freedom of movement in the country in
exchange for immunity from attacks. The government of the late Prime Minister Aldo
Moro reached a "secret non-belligerence pact between the Italian state and Palestinian
resistance organisations, including terrorist groups." According to the former president, it
was Moro himself who designed the terms of the agreement with the foreign Arab
terrorists. "The terms of the agreement were that the Palestinian organisations could
even maintain armed bases of operation in the country, and they had freedom of entry
and exit without being subject to normal police controls, because they were 'handled' by
the secret services." As Interior Minister, Cossiga said that he learned PLO members in
Italy had diplomatic immunity as representatives of the Arab League. "The Palestinian
organisations could even maintain armed bases of operation in the country."
This was the formal birth of Eurabia, when Western European governments, giving in to
pressure from Arab terrorists and oil-producing states, abandoned their traditional pro-
Israeli position and gradually aligned themselves with the Arab-Islamic world. There is
absolutely no reason to assume[7] that the Italians were the only ones to make such
"deals." In addition to cultural and political cooperation, European governments have
agreed to pay Arabs, Palestinians in particular, large sums in "protection money" to
reduce the terrorist threat. This can only be seen as jizya, and the practice has later
spread to the entire European Union, which pays the Palestinians tens of millions if not
hundreds of millions of Euros annually.
The MEDA programme[8], the principal financial instrument for the implementation of the
Euro-Mediterranean Partnership, between 2000-2006 spent €5,350 million on its various
programs, according to the EU's official website. During the period 1995-1999, some
86% of the resources allocated to MEDA were channelled to Algeria, Egypt, Jordan,
Lebanon, Morocco, Syria, Tunisia, Turkey and the Palestinian Authority.
From 2007, MEDA was replaced by the European Neighbourhood and Partnership
Instrument[9], which over the period 2007 to 2013 is projected to spend €11 billion on,
among other things, promoting cooperation between European and Arab countries in the
sectors of energy and transport; in higher education and mobility of teachers,
researchers and students; Multicultural dialogue through people-to-people contacts,
including links with communities of immigrants living in EU countries as well as
cooperation between civil societies, cultural institutions and exchanges of young people.
The European Commission, the EU's powerful government with extensive legislative
powers, shall coordinate cooperation with non-governmental organisations (NGOs),
universities, churches, religious associations and the media in matters related to this
project; all according to documents available on the Internet, yet almost unknown to the
general public since the mainstream media rarely mention them.
I got some critical comments to my original Eurabia Code, among others a claim that the
Algiers Declaration from 2006, which is mentioned in the text, is not signed by any
official EU body. However, the Anna Lind Euro-Mediterranean Foundation for the dialogue
between cultures, which organised this, is linked to from the official EU website as a part
of the EU's external relations programs and the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership. Some of
the organisations that participate in this may technically be independent organisations,
but there is no doubt that the European Commission constitutes the driving force behind
these networks. Moreover, if you read these documents closely, you will find that they
mention "harmonisation of the education systems" between Europe and the Arab world.
This requires the involvement of the authorities at the highest level.
In September 2008, a brief statement[10] in a few media outlets in Denmark (I've seen
remarkably little mention of this far-reaching proposal in the mainstream media in most
European countries) said that Muslims living in the EU will in future be able to divorce
according to sharia law. This is the belief of the Commission, which recommends that a
couple be able to choose which country's law they will follow if they divorce – as long as
they have some kind of connection to the country they choose. Danish People's Party
spokesman Morten Messerschmidt was greatly concerned about the proposal: "It's a
completely lamebrain idea, the possibility that the Commission will use inhumane sharia
laws in the EU," he said.
What people don't understand is that this is a part of long-term deals that have already
been agreed upon by EU leaders. Virtually all Western European leaders have already
surrendered. There is no longer a question of whether or not sharia will be officially
accepted as law (as it has been for Muslims living in Britain); it is only a question of how
to implement this.
Meanwhile, a proposed European Arrest Warrant[11] lists a number of crimes, including
terrorism, armed robbery, rape, and racism and xenophobia, which are punishable
throughout the EU. The European Arrest Warrant requires that anyone who is charged by
a member state under the listed group of offenses (which could cover just about
anything) may be arrested by the authorities of the issuing state within any interference
of the other member state. The accused must then be transited for trial to the issuing
state within ten days, without any interference, judicial or otherwise, by the executing
state.
Racism includes "Islamophobia[12]," according to EU documents, which means that
"Islamophobia" could soon be treated as a crime as serious as rape and armed robbery
across the European continent. At the same time, EU leaders are busy enlarging the EU
to include North Africa and the Middle East, thus flooding Europe with tens of millions of
additional Muslims. Not far into the future, we can imagine a situation where the
authorities can arrest a person in, say, Denmark or Italy, who has published a cartoon
that could be considered offensive to Islam. He will then be handed over to the
authorities in Algeria, Egypt or Jordan.
Remember that blasphemy against Islam carries the death penalty according to sharia.
Multiculturalism in Europe is about to reach its openly totalitarian phase. Those who think
this is a joke can look at the Dutch cartoonist Gregorius Nekschot[13] who was arrested
in 2008 for cartoons that "insulted" Muslims. Several documents that are publicly
available (but little known by the general public because they are never referred to by
the mainstream media) state that the EU should "harmonise" the education and legal
systems with the Arab "partner countries" within the coming decade. This is being
negotiated as we speak, behind our backs.
European Commission president José Manuel Barroso earlier expressed unease[14] with
the prospect of a second Dutch Lisbon Treaty/European Constitution referendum.
"Referendums make the process of approval of European treaties much more complicated
and less predictable," he said, asking "every member state" considering a referendum to
"think twice." Mr Barroso in his previous job as Portuguese Prime Minister in 2004 backed
a referendum on the EU constitution in his own country – but since then his thinking has
changed. "I was in favour of a referendum as a prime minister, but it does make our lives
with 27 member states in the EU more difficult. If a referendum had been held on the
creation of the European Community or the introduction of the euro, do you think these
would have passed?"
As journalist Nick Fagge stated in the British newspaper the Daily Express[15] in October
2008:
"More than 50 million African workers are to be invited to Europe in a far-reaching secretive
migration deal, the Daily Express can reveal today. A controversiële taxpayer-funded 'job
centre' opened in Mali this week is just the first step towards promoting 'free movement of
people in Africa and the EU'. Brussels economists claim Britain and other EU states will
'need' 56 million immigrant workers between them by 2050 to make up for the
'demographic decline' due to falling birth rates and rising death rates across Europe. The
report, by the EU statistical agency Eurostat, warns that vast numbers of migrants could be
needed to meet the shortfall in two years if Europe is to have a hope of funding the pension
and health needs of its growing elderly population. It states: ...'Having sufficient people of
working age is vital for the economy and for tax revenue.' The report, by French MEP
Francoise Castex, calls for immigrants to be given legal rights and access to social welfare
provision such as benefits. Ms Castex said: 'It is urgent that member states have a calm
approach to immigration. To say 'yes', we need immigration …is not a new development, we
must accept it.'"
Let's sum up our findings so far: The EU has accepted that the Union should be enlarged
to include the Muslim Middle East and North Africa. The EU has accepted that tens of
millions of immigrants from predominantly Muslim countries in northern Africa should be
allowed to settle in Europe in the years ahead. This is supposedly "good for the
economy." It is planning to implement sharia laws for the millions of Muslims it is inviting
to settle in Europe. It has passed stronger anti-racism laws while making it clear that
"Islamophobia" constitutes a form of racism, and is cooperating with Islamic countries on
rewriting school textbooks to provide a "positive" image of Islam to European children.
Finally, the EU is developing an Arrest Warrant which stipulates that those charged with
serious crimes, for instance racism, can be arrested without undue interference of the
nation state they happen to live in. In essence, the EU is formally surrendering an entire
continent to Islam while destroying established national cultures, and is prepared to
harass those who disagree with this policy. This constitutes the greatest organised
betrayal in Western history, perhaps in human history, yet is hailed as a victory for
"tolerance."
José Manuel Barroso, the leader of the unaccountable government for half a billion
people, has stated[16] that the EU is an empire. Maybe we think it's ridiculous to see the
EU as an empire, but his statement shows that some people in leading positions do think
like this. It would make sense to remember that all empires in history have been created
through war. If the EU is an empire, this means that a war is being waged against
somebody. And it is: A cultural and demographic war waged by mass immigration against
native Europeans. Whereas empires are normally created by waging a war against other
peoples, the EU is the first empire in history created by leaders allowing other peoples to
wage a war against their own.
The European Union – or the Eurabian Empire if you will – is a naked power grab by the
elites in order to dismantle the nations there are supposed to serve. Instead of being
mere servants of the people in smaller countries, they aspire to become members of an
unaccountable elite ruling a vast empire as they see fit. This is why they continue to
promote mass immigration as if nothing has happened even if people get blown up,
raped, mugged and murdered in their own cities. They don't care. They are generals on a
warpath. Ordinary citizens are simply cannon fodder, pawns to be sacrificed in the
conquest of their glorious, new empire. Mass immigration is used to crush all nation
states simultaneously so that the natives have no real alternatives to flee to, and no
countries can come to the aid of others against the advancing Islamisation.
Finally, we should remember one thing: All of this started with the appeasement of Arab
bullies like Arafat in the 1970s, who used oil or terrorism or both as weapons. Europeans
should work to get rid of the culture of betrayal, but then we also need to get rid of the
culture of appeasement that brought us in this mess in the first place. No money for the
Palestinians; not one cent. If they need money, they can ask the Saudis. And no more
appeasement of or deals with Islamic terrorists. It was "dialogue," the Euro-Arab
Dialogue, that created these problems. No more "dialogue." The only way to deal with a
bully is to punch him in the nose, and make him back down. That's the only appropriate
way to deal with Jihadists.
Added documentation, Feb 2010
AB, email from David Hamilton
The following documents are copies of the minutes to meetings held between former
Prime Minister Edward Heath and French President Georges Pompidou in 1971.
The meetings were held in secret and the minutes were classified until former Prime
Minister Margaret Thatcher was able to have them released under the Freedom of
Information Act in 2008/2009.
They contain exhaustive text which will take the reader into the minds of two men who
decided the fate of British and French politics between them without reference to the
British and French people. The people were never made aware of their plans which led to
the steady erosion of British and French sovereignty under consecutive staged treaties
that would span 40 years, culminate in The Lisbon Treaty, and would later evidence the
total breakdown and disorder of British and French society along with its economic,
political, and military powers, and its foreign affairs.
So deep was the conspiracy between Heath and Pompidou, and soon thereafter PM
Harold Wilson along with figures then and since of the establishment, that it is
inconceivable that their plans were not at any time revealed to Her Majesty Queen
Elizabeth. However, the outcome of the discussions did not only affect France and
Britain’s policies in the decades to come. The policies were adopted as default by other
Western European countries with lesser ideological and cultural confidence and
significance. France and Britain were the cultural and political locomotives in Western
Europe and it is generally well known that other Western European countries mimicked
them and continue to mimick them down to the last detail.
The following documents will prove how the two most powerful European leaders laid the
foundation for multiculturalism and Islamisation in Western Europe and did absolutely
everything they could to prevent the peoples of Europe from learning the truth about this
conspiracy for the next 40 years:
1. http://www.scribd.com/doc/25965684/710520-Pompidou-Heath-Summit-Session-1-1000-1255
2. http://www.scribd.com/doc/25965641/710521-Pompidou-Heath-Summit-Session-3-1000-1300
3. http://www.scribd.com/doc/25965492/710521-Pompidou-Heath-Summit-Session-3-1-Lunch-PREM-15-372-54-55
4. http://www.scribd.com/doc/25965380/710521-Pompidou-Heath-Summit-Session-4-1600-1820
5. http://www.scribd.com/doc/25965182/710521-Record-of-Conclusions-Agreed-Minute
6. http://www.scribd.com/doc/25965065/710609-Soames-Despatch
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3590
1. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3590
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2018
3. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2773
4. http://www.ansamed.info/en/top/ME13.YAM11282.html
5. http://euobserver.com/9/26293
6. http://www.israelnationalnews.com/News/News.aspx/127247
7. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/129
8. http://ec.europa.eu/external_relations/euromed/meda.htm
9. http://ec.europa.eu/world/enp/documents_en.htm
10. http://www.dr.dk/Nyheder/Indland/2008/09/17/014216.htm
11. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/05/slouching-towards-vienna.html
12. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2097
13. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3273
14. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1893
15. http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/65628
16. http://eureferendum.blogspot.com/2007/07/shock-waves.html
2.3 Ten Reasons to Get Rid of the European Union
1. The EU Promotes Crime and Instability
The EU does not protect the peace in Europe. On the contrary, it undermines stability in
the continent by dismantling border controls at a time of the greatest population
movements in human history, with many migrants coming from politically unstable
countries whose instability spills over to European states. Through its senseless
immigration policies, the EU could become partly responsible for triggering civil wars in
several European countries. Maybe it will be remembered as the “peace project” which
brought war.
The European Union has created a borderless region from Greece to France and from
Portugal to Finland, yet the citizens of these countries still pay most of their taxes to
nation states whose borders are no longer upheld. It is ridiculous to pay up to half of
your income to an entity that no longer controls its own territory or legislation. Unless
national borders are re-established, the citizens of EU member states no longer have any
obligation to pay taxes.
The EU promotes a ridiculous amount of laws and regulations, yet street crime largely
goes unpunished and is growing increasingly common. Laws are used to punish the law-
abiding while real criminals rule the streets, although this flaw is admittedly shared with
many national governments. The EU makes a mockery out of the social contract every
single day. As the authorities from Berlin via Amsterdam to London and Rome fail to
uphold law and order, citizens have not just the right, but the duty to arm themselves in
order to protect their property and the lives of their loved ones.
It is quite possible that we could indeed benefit from some form of European cooperation
in defence of a shared civilisation, but not in the form of the EU as it is today. The EU is
not about cooperation for protecting the best interests of Europeans; it is about turning
the entire continent into a Multicultural theme park while the natives get culturally
deconstructed and demographically crushed. The EU is a large-scale social experiment
conducted on hundreds of millions of people. It is not about economics of scale, it is
about stupidity of scale.
The EU does not give Europeans a “voice” on the international arena. It’s a bureaucratic
monster at best, a dangerous Utopian project at worst. It makes our enemies take us
less seriously, not more. It is not about giving anybody a voice; it is about silencing the
voices we already have, by depriving us of any say regarding our future and the destinies
of our peoples.
2. The EU Weakens Europe’s Cultural Defences
The EU is systematically surrendering the continent to our worst enemies. When French,
Dutch and Irish voters rejected the EU Constitution, the EU elites moved on as if nothing
had happened. When the Islamic world says that the EU should work to eradicate
“Islamophobia,” they immediately consent to do this. When an organisation ignores the
interests of its own people yet implements the interests of that people’s enemies, that
organisation has become an actively hostile entity run by a corrupt class of abject
traitors. This is what the EU is today.
The EU is deliberately destroying the cultural traditions of member states by flooding
them with immigrants and eradicating native traditions. This is a gross violation of the
rights of the indigenous peoples across an entire continent. Europe has some of the
richest cultural traditions on the planet. To replace this with sharia barbarism is a crime
against humanity. The European Union is currently the principal (though not the only)
motor behind the Islamisation of Europe, perhaps the greatest betrayal in this
civilisation’s history. Appeasement of Islam and Muslims is so deeply immersed into the
structural DNA of the EU that the only way to stop the Islamisation of the continent is to
get rid of the EU. All of it.
3. The EU Promotes a Bloated Bureaucracy
A study released by the organisation Open Europe[1] in August 2008 found that the EU
employs an “army” of bureaucrats, and that the actual number of individuals required to
run the EU is close to 170,000 — more than 7 times the 23,000 figure sometimes cited
by the Commission.
According to them, “The legislative process of the EU is an extremely complex and
opaque system, making it very difficult to identify how many people are actually involved
in formulating, implementing and overseeing legislation. However, research by Open
Europe, using limited available information, shows that just to draft and work out how to
implement legislation the EU requires a bureaucratic staff of around 62,026 people. This
figure reveals where the EU’s real legislative work is actually done: in committees, behind
closed doors and out of the public eye. Most of the work takes place away from the core
institutions within Expert Groups, Council Groups, and what are known as Comitology
committees.”
Notice how this closed and secretive process of drafting legislation for half a billion people
resembles that of a dictatorship. The EU follows a strategy of hide in plain sight and
conceals the real power behind layers of bureaucratic complexities. This strategy was
also followed with the drafting of the ridiculously long European Constitution.
If somebody presented you with a contract of hundreds of pages of more or less
incomprehensible technical language which was to govern all aspects of your life and that
of your children and grandchildren, and that person told you to just take his word for it
that it is good and could you please sign on the dotted line, would you have accepted it?
That is essentially what the EU has done regarding the fate of an entire continent, not
just a single family. When some annoying people, such as the Dutch and the Irish, were
unkind enough not to consent blindly to their new serfdom, the EU decided that they
were bound by the contract they just rejected, anyway. It’s arrogance on a monumental
scale, if not plain treason.
The EU is not yet a totalitarian entity, but it holds all the tools it needs to in order to
become one. It has managed to corrupt the national elites to sell out the freedom of their
peoples by inviting them to take part in the world’s largest racket, paid for by European
taxpayers. The growing pan-European nanny state now interferes with every aspect of
social and economic life, governed by an unaccountable and often hostile minority of
social engineers who wish to impose their way of thinking on the majority.
4. Excessive Regulation and Centralisation is bad for Freedom and for Prosperity
Europe once became a dynamic continent thanks to competition at all levels. It is now
virtually impossible to find a sector of society that is untouched by the often excessive EU
regulations. The EU functions as a huge superstate centrally directed by statists obsessed
by regulations. They have learnt little from history, where central planning has been an
almost universal failure. Here is what Nathan Rosenberg and L.E. Birdzell Jr. say in How
The West Grew Rich: The Economic Transformation Of The Industrial World:
“Initially, the West’s achievement of autonomy stemmed from a relaxation, or a
weakening, of political and religious controls, giving other departments of social life the
opportunity to experiment with change. Growth is, of course, a form of change, and
growth is impossible when change is not permitted. Any successful change requires a
large measure of freedom to experiment. A grant of that kind of freedom costs a society’s
rulers their feeling of control, as if they were conceding to others the power to determine
the society’s future. The great majority of societies, past and present, have not allowed
it. Nor have they escaped from poverty.”
Moreover, “Western technology developed in the special context of a high degree of
autonomy among the political, religious, scientific, and economic spheres of social life. Is
this high degree of autonomy indispensable to the successful application of technology to
economic welfare? Few Western scientists would disagree with the proposition that a high
degree of autonomy of the scientific sphere from political or religious control is essential
to scientific advance. It is almost as clear that a similar autonomy, in much the same
degree, is essential to the economic process of translating scientific advances into goods
and services. The technological capability of a society is bound to be degraded if control
of either scientific inquiry or innovation is located at points of political or religious
authority that combine an interest in controlling the outcome of technological
development with the power to restrict or direct experiment. In all well-ordered societies,
political authority is dedicated to stability, security, and the status quo. It is thus
singularly ill-qualified to direct or channel activity intended to produce instability,
insecurity, and change.”
The European Union cannot be anything but anti-liberty because it concentrates far too
much power in a centralised bureaucratic system that is almost impossible for outsiders
to understand. As the Austrian economist Friedrich Hayek warned in The Road to
Serfdom:
“To imagine that the economic life of a vast area comprising many different people can
be directed or planned by democratic procedure betrays a complete lack of awareness of
the problems such planning would raise. Planning on an international scale, even more
than is true on a national scale, cannot be anything but a naked rule of force, an
imposition by a small group on all the rest of that sort of standard and employment
which the planners think suitable for the rest.”
5. The Lack of a Real Separation of Powers in the EU Invites Abuse of Power
We should study the work of the great eighteenth century French thinker Montesquieu,
who admired the British political system. He advocated that the executive, legislative and
judicial branches of government should be assigned to different bodies, where each of
them would not be powerful enough to impose its will on society. This is because
“constant experience shows us that every man invested with power is apt to abuse it,
and to carry his authority as far as it will go.” This separation of powers is almost totally
absent in the European Union, where there is weak to non-existent separation between
the legislative, the executive and the judicial branches, and where all of them function
without the consent of the public. In short, a small number of people can draft and
implement laws without consulting the people, and these take precedence over the laws
passed by elected assemblies. This is a blueprint for a dictatorship.
In 2007, former German president Roman Herzog warned that parliamentary democracy
was under threat from the EU. Between 1999 and 2004, 84 percent of the legal acts in
Germany — and the majority in all EU member states — stemmed from Brussels.
According to Herzog, “EU policies suffer to an alarming degree from a lack of democracy
and a de facto suspension of the separation of powers.” Despite this, the EU was largely a
non-issue during the 2005 German elections. One gets the feeling that the real issues of
substance are not subject to public debate. National elections have become an
increasingly empty ritual. The important issues have already been settled beforehand
behind closed doors.
Free citizens should obey laws that are passed with the best long-term interests of their
nation and people in mind. Most of the laws within the EU’s area are no longer passed by
elected national representatives, but by unaccountable EU bureaucrats, some of whom
could potentially have been bought and paid by our Islamic enemies with Arab oil money.
As such, the citizens of these nations no longer have any obligation to obey these laws.
As Montesquieu warned, “When the legislative and executive powers are united in the
same person, or in the same body of magistrates, there can be no liberty; because
apprehensions may arise, lest the same monarch or senate should enact tyrannical laws,
to execute them in a tyrannical manner.” He also stated that “Useless laws weaken the
necessary laws.” The current problem with the EU is not just the content of laws and the
way they are drafted and passed, but also their sheer volume. Law-abiding citizens are
turned into criminals by laws regulating speech and behaviour, while real criminals rule
the streets in our cities. This situation will either lead to a police state, to a total
breakdown in law and order, or both.
6. The Lack of Transparency Leaves the EU Vulnerable to Hostile Infiltration
In order to have a system with government under public control, you need accountability
and transparency. The EU fails miserably on both accounts. The reason why European
leaders could commit a betrayal as large as the creation of Eurabia is not only because
EU authorities are not formally subjected to the popular will, but just as much because
they have made the decision-making process incredibly complicated and moved real
power out of the public view.
There is every reason to believe that some of those claiming to be our representatives
have been bribed and/or blackmailed by Muslim countries and other enemies to
implement agendas hostile to our interests. No system is perfect, but a closed and non-
transparent system such as the EU is particularly vulnerable to infiltration from outsiders
and hostile foreign interests.
The “anti-discrimination laws” we now see in Western Europe are an indication that the
democratic system no longer works as intended. These laws come from a small group of
self-appointed leaders who respond to pressure from the Islamic world, not from their
own people. The European political elites increasingly risk being seen as collaborators
and puppets for our enemies because that’s in many cases how they act.
7. The EU Leads to Less Freedom of Speech
The EU does nothing to promote freedom in Europe, but rather spends a great deal of
time trying to stamp out what’s left of it. The EU, in cooperation with Islamic countries, is
rewriting school textbooks across the European continent to present a more “positive”
image of Islam. The EU increasingly views the media and the education system simply as
a prolonged arm of the state. This is the hallmark of a totalitarian state, which is what
the EUSSR is gradually becoming. One gets the feeling that the EU’s concept of a “united
Europe” means one nation, one people — and one allowed opinion. It is tempting to say
one allowed religion as well: Islam.
According to British writer Daniel Hannan[2], “Eurocrats instinctively dislike spontaneous
activity. To them, ‘unregulated’ is almost synonymous with ‘illegal’. The bureaucratic
mindset demands uniformity, licensing, order. Eurocrats are especially upset because
many bloggers, being of an anarchic disposition, are anti-Brussels. In the French, Dutch
and Irish referendums, the MSM [mainstream media] were uniformly pro-treaty, whereas
internet activity was overwhelmingly sceptical. Bruno Waterfield recently reported on a
secret Commission report about the danger posed by online libertarians: ‘Apart from
official websites, the internet has largely been a space left to anti-European feeling.
Given the ability to reach an audience at a much lower cost, and given the simplicity of
the No campaign messages, it has proven to be easily malleable during the campaign
and pre-campaign period.’ The EU’s solution? Why, to regulate blogs!”
At the time of writing, it looks like the most radical proposals to regulate the blogosphere
and independent websites have been watered down for now, but there is no doubt that
the EU will make new attempts to censor the Internet, especially since the organisation
has successfully bribed much of the traditional media. The EU has encouraged pan-
European laws against “racism and hate speech.” Every single action the EU has taken
vis-à-vis these subjects have led to more restrictions of free speech, online and offline.
There is no reason not to expect that trend to continue, especially since the EU tries
consistently to placate Muslims and other immigrant groups in every way possible. The
EU’s attempts to crush dissent and silence criticism of its ideas will become increasingly
aggressive and hard to ignore.
8. The EU Fails to Consult its Citizens and Insults Them When Doing So
The Irish referendum in 2008 on the proposed EU Constitution/ Lisbon Treaty is a
powerful testimony to the evil nature of the European Union. Before the referendum, a
number of EU leaders made it perfectly clear that the Lisbon Treaty was virtually identical
to the European Constitution which had been rejected by Dutch and French voters in
2005, and which should then presumably have been dead.
Former French President Valéry Giscard d’Estaing (the chief drafter of the Constitution)
said[3]: “the proposals in the original constitutional treaty are practically unchanged.
They have simply been dispersed through old treaties in the form of amendments. Why
this subtle change? Above all, to head off any threat of referenda by avoiding any form of
constitutional vocabulary.” D’Estaing also said[4]: “Public opinion will be led to adopt,
without knowing it, the proposals that we dare not present to them directly… All the
earlier proposals will be in the new text, but will be hidden and disguised in some way.”
Spanish PM José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero said[5]: “We have not let a single substantial
point of the Constitutional Treaty go…” Italian President Giorgio Napolitano said[6]:
“Those who are anti-EU are terrorists. It is psychological terrorism to suggest the specter
of a European superstate.”
Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen admitted that he had not read the Lisbon Treaty in full,
but nonetheless assured his people that it was good and that Irishmen should vote “yes”
based on this assurance. He said that voters were being asked to give the EU a “more
effective and efficient decision-making process.”
If a dictator decides to ignore the opinion of everybody else and implement policies as he
sees fit without consulting anybody, this could be seen as a “more efficient” decision-
making process from a certain point of view. Is it this kind of “efficiency” the EU is
promoting? Mr. Cowen doesn’t say, but it’s tempting to speculate that the answer is
“yes.” According to the words and actions of the EU elites, the will of the people is merely
an annoying speed bump which slows down the implementation of their supremely
enlightened policies.
After[7] the referendum, when it was clear that the Irish would have none of this trick,
the Irish EU Commissioner Charlie McCreevy[8] revealed that he had not read the Lisbon
Treaty himself: “I would predict that there won’t be 250 people in the whole of the 4.2
million population of Ireland that have read the treaties cover-to-cover. I further predict
that there is not 10 percent of that 250 that will understand every section and
subsection,” he said. “But is there anything different about that?” said the Commissioner,
adding: “Does anyone read the finance act?” referring to the lengthy documents he drew
up when he was finance minister in Ireland.
Let us repeat this again. This man stated — probably correctly — that not more than a
couple of dozen people among millions of citizens actually understood the document they
were supposed to vote over, yet he saw nothing inherently wrong with this. The EU
Constitution/ Lisbon Treaty would finalise the transfer of authority to a new pan-European
superstate with almost unlimited powers to direct the affairs and lives of half a billion
people in dozens of countries, from Finland to France and from Ireland to Poland. The
Irish responded in the only sensible manner, but European leaders made it perfectly clear
that they would press on with the project of dismantling European nation states
regardless of popular resistance.
French President Sarkozy and German Chancellor Merkel issued a joint statement[9]
saying they “hope that the other member states will continue the process of ratification.”
The German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier[10] said: “The ratification process
must continue. I am still convinced that we need this treaty.” The British Foreign
Secretary David Miliband said[11] the UK would press on with ratification: “It’s right that
we continue with our own process.”
The President of the European Parliament Hans-Gert Pöttering stated[12]: “The
ratification process must continue” because “the reform of the European Union is
important for citizens, for democracy and for transparency.” In other words: The reason
the EU is tossing aside the verdict of the Irish people, as well as the French and Dutch
people and numerous others who never got the chance to voice their opinion at all, is for
“democracy.”
According to writer Martin Helme[13], it was always clear that the power elites were not
going to accept an Irish “no.” After the first shock they would simply continue carrying
out plan A:
“One of the most disgusting and outrageous talking points already being peddled by the
Eurocrats and their friends in the liberal mainstream media is that 862,415 Irish voters
have no right to block the desired goal of some 450 million Europeans. This distortion of
truth should never go unchallenged. First of all, those few million Irish were actually the
only citizens in Europe who were asked for their opinion. The rest of the 446 or so
millions were never consulted. How can any politician claim that their voters want the
ratification of EU constitution/Lisbon Treaty when the entire political class emphatically
insisted on not asking the people? In fact, in many countries politicians openly admit that
their voters would have done the same as Irish did, i.e. vote against the rotten thing. So
it is not the few million Irish voters blocking the will of hundreds of millions of other
European voters but very clearly a mass of Irish voters against a few thousand politicians
and bureaucrats who make up the European power elite. Secondly, what happened to
those 20 million French and Dutch voters who said no to the same document three years
ago?”
The European Commission in April 2008[14] presented a new plan aimed at increasing
EU citizens’ involvement in the decision-making process of the 27-nation bloc, as well as
making it more popular. “We must consult citizens,” said the Swedish Commissioner
Margot Wallström then. She is famous for her remark in 2005[15] that Europeans needed
to approve of the proposed EU constitution or risk a new Holocaust. Three years after the
Constitution was first rejected, and still with no Holocaust in sight, the EU no longer
pretends to care about the will of the people. When Eurocrats talk about “consulting”
citizens, they mean insulting them.
In April 2008, a demonstration[16] comprising people from all walks of life and from
most political parties convened in front of the famous and beautiful Staatsoper (State
Opera) in the center of Vienna to demonstrate against the ratification of the Lisbon Treaty
in the Austrian Parliament, which later occurred without holding a referendum. Opinion
polls showed that a majority of Austrians were convinced, as they should be, that policy
is determined almost exclusively by Brussels. They see[17] local politicians as largely
deprived of any power, and many of them were reluctant to grant even more power to
the unaccountable EU.
Opinion polls from mid-2008[18] showed that a strong majority of the Dutch were still
against the Lisbon Treaty, which is virtually identical to the Constitution that Dutch voters
rejected by 62 to 38 percent in the 2005 referendum. Nevertheless, the Netherlands is
going ahead with the ratification of the Treaty even after the Irish rejected it, said
Premier Jan Peter Balkenende. The political elites are determined to continue a process
which will essentially dismantle their country and reduce it to just another province in an
emerging Eurabian superstate, and openly ignore their own people in order to implement
this.
As Helme states, “Governments have willfully and knowingly gone against the will of the
people, trashed their own constitutions, corrupted their courts to go along with it (thus
trashing the rule of law) and started to govern without the consent of the people or the
rule of law….This is the path that leads to revolution. Good! As Thomas Jefferson said
‘The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and
tyrants.’ I have a feeling that more and more people around Europe are ready for it. How
about the politicians?”
9. The EU Undermines Political Legitimacy and Connections between Rulers and
the Ruled
Proponents of the European Union claim that it is a “peace project.” But the EU is not
about peace, it is about war: A demographic and cultural war waged against an entire
continent, from the Black Sea to the North Sea, in order to destroy European nation
states and build an empire run by self-appointed bureaucrats. This is supported by
national politicians in order to enhance their personal power, by creating a larger political
entity than their individual nation states and by ridding themselves of the constraints of a
democratic society. The EU corrupts national political elites into betraying the people they
are supposed to serve and protect.
Anthony Coughlan[19], a senior lecturer at Trinity College in Dublin, Ireland, states the
following in an essay at the EU Observer:
“At a national level when a minister wants to get something done, he or she must have
the backing of the prime minister, must have the agreement of the minister for finance if
it means spending money, and above all must have majority support in the national
parliament, and implicitly amongst voters in the country. Shift the policy area in question
to the supranational level of Brussels however, where laws are made primarily by the 27-
member Council of Ministers, and the minister in question becomes a member of an
oligarchy, a committee of lawmakers, the most powerful in history, making laws for 500
million Europeans, and irremovable as a group regardless of what it does. National
parliaments and citizens lose power with every EU treaty, for they no longer have the
final say in the policy areas concerned. Individual ministers on the other hand obtain an
intoxicating increase in personal power, as they are transformed from members of the
executive arm of government at national level, subordinate to a national legislature, into
EU-wide legislators at the supranational.”
EU ministers see themselves as architects of a superpower in the making, and can free
themselves from scrutiny of their actions by elected national parliaments. According to
Coughlan, EU integration represents “a gradual coup by government executives against
legislatures, and by politicians against the citizens who elect them.” This process sucks
the reality of power from “traditional government institutions, while leaving these still
formally intact. They still keep their old names — parliament, government, supreme court
— so that their citizens do not get too alarmed, but their classical functions have been
transformed.”
The European Union is basically an attempt by the elites in European nations to
cooperate on usurping power, bypassing and abolishing the democratic system, a slow-
motion coup d’état. Ideas such as “promoting peace” or “promoting free trade” are used
as a pretext for this, a bone thrown to fool the gullible masses and veil what is essentially
a naked power grab.
The European Union is deeply flawed in its basic construction and cannot function as
anything other than an increasingly totalitarian pan-European dictatorship, run by a self-
appointed oligarchy. Indeed, there is reason to fear that it was designed that way. Power
is concentrated heavily in institutions that are above the formal restraints of public
consent and above the informal restraints of public scrutiny and insight. EU authorities
can do more or less whatever they want to, as they do in relations to the Arab and
Islamic world.
10. The EU Spreads a Culture of Lies and Corruption
After Irish voters had clearly rejected the Lisbon Treaty (the slightly changed, but
otherwise recycled version of the European Constitution which had been rejected by
French and Dutch voters earlier), Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark
said[20] Ireland should be given less than nine months to work out its problems with the
Lisbon Treaty prior to the EU’s parliamentary elections in 2009. Rasmussen said that the
Irish “no” vote to the Constitution should not stop further work by the Union toward
getting the treaty ratified. European leaders, including Danish ones, have generally
preferred ratification of the EU Constitution without popular referendums because they
know there is powerful resistance to it in many countries. It is meaningless to have
referendums if they only come when the elites want them to, and these elites can ignore
them if they dislike the results.
Mr. Rasmussen[21] is a great example of how the European Union slowly destroys the
democratic system and is deliberately designed to do so. He is supposed to follow the will
of and interests of his people, but his actual loyalty lies with the rest of the EU oligarchy.
He’s by no means the worst person among EU leaders; this isn’t about his personal flaws,
it’s about the EU and how it eventually corrupts even otherwise decent individuals. A
similar thing happened in Portugal, where the PM responded to calls from the leaders of
Germany and France, not his own electorate.
The EU is a slow-motion coup d’état conducted against dozens of countries
simultaneously. It is designed to empty all organs subjected to the popular will of any
real power and transfer it into the hands of an unelected oligarchy. In fact, it’s worse
than a coup d’état because this traditionally implied that a group of people seized control
over a country. The EU doesn’t just want to seize control over nation states; it wants to
abolish them. The EU is organised treason.
The EU elites react as one when faced with challenges to their power base from ordinary
people. MEPs in the European Parliament as well as participants at every level of the EU
system get very well-paid jobs for taking part in it, which means that their pragmatic
interests lie with maintaining it. Their loyalty has been bought — with the tax money of
European citizens — and transferred from their people, where it theoretically should be,
to the EU. The EU is their pension plan, so to speak. When you challenge the EU, you
thus constitute a direct threat to their personal financial interests, and they will respond
accordingly.
Just like the Soviet Union, the European Union promotes a culture of lies and corruption
which starts at the top and filters down to society as a whole. The EU system corrupts
virtually everybody who comes close to it. It cannot be reformed, it can only be
dismantled.
Sources:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/10/ten-reasons-to-get-rid-of-european.html
1. http://www.openeurope.org.uk/media-centre/pressrelease.aspx?pressreleaseid=82
2. http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/daniel_hannan/blog/2008/09/04/how_the_eu_plans_to_regulate_blogs?com_num=20
3. http://www.independent.co.uk/opinion/commentators/valeacutery-giscard-destaing-the-eu-treaty-is-the-same-as-the-
constitution-398286.html
4. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/1556175/New-treaty-is-just-'constitution-in-disguise'.html
5. http://www.la-moncloa.es/Presidente/Intervenciones/Sesionesparlamento/prsp20070627.htm
6. http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/10248/Opponents+of+EU+treaty+accused+of+being+'terrorists'
7. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3340
7. http://53.554.10.022plusf75:DTpqdck196754674448МA
8. http://euobserver.com/18/26342
9.
http://www.monstersandcritics.com/news/europe/news/article_1411115.php/Sarkozy_Merkel_want_treaty_ratification_process
_to_go_on__Roundup_
10. http://uk.news.yahoo.com/rtrs/20080613/tpl-uk-eu-ireland-germany-43a8d4f_2.html
11. http://uk.news.yahoo.com/afp/20080613/tuk-ireland-eu-referendum-britain-a7ad41d.html
12. http://www.spectator.co.uk/the-magazine/features/783601/part_2/eu-leaders-will-never-consult-us-again.thtml
13. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3350
14. http://euobserver.com/9/25909
15. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1489643/Vote-for-EU-constitution-or-risk-new-Holocaust-says-Brussels.html
16. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/04/austrians-demonstrate-against-lisbon-in.html
17. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/06/austrians-were-not-fooled.html
18. http://www.nisnews.nl/public/170608_2.htm
19. http://www.free-europe.org/blog/?itemid=364
20. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/107749.html
21. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/08/fogh-forget-referendum.html
2.4 Why the EU Needs to be Destroyed, and Soon
by Fjordman
I know many Americans, and Europeans, too, have more or less written off Western
Europe as lost to Islam already. I would be lying if I said that I didn’t think this too
sometimes, but I do see encouraging signs of a real shift of public opinion beneath the
surface. Judging from information such as the extremely high number of Germans hostile
to Islam, I still believe, or at least hope, that Europe can be saved. But this hope hinges
on the complete and utter destruction of the European Union.
The EU must die, or Europe will die. It’s that simple.
Bat Ye’or in her book Eurabia: The Euro-Arab Axis is right in pointing out that ordinary
Europeans have never voted for this merger with the Islamic world through massive
Muslim immigration and multiculturalism. This is closely tied to the rise of the European
Union, which has transferred power away from the people and the democratic process to
behind-the-scenes deals made by corrupt, Eurabian officials and bureaucrats. Several
observers have noted that there is a serious disconnect between the European elites and
ordinary citizens. This has been made possible largely because of the EU.
I have heard the term “neo-Feudalism” being used of the EU. There are definitely certain
elite groups in Europe who have never really accepted the loss of power to “the mob,”
and think that everything that’s wrong with Europe is because of “populism,” what others
call democracy. These are also the people who created Eurabia and “forgot” to consult
the public about these plans. The EU should be viewed that way, as a de facto, slow-
motion abolition of European democracy, disguised as something else. The real force
behind the EU is to cede national sovereignty to a new ruling class of bureaucrats, a new
aristocracy and a throwback to the pre-democratic age.
I’m really worried about a complete collapse of the democratic system here. It has
already been weakened by the EU, the UN etc. for a long time, and now we also have
direct physical threats by Muslims to freedom of speech. Ordinary Europeans are no
longer in control of our own fates. Sweden has for instance in reality ceased being a
democratic country[1], in my view. We need to recapture this, or Europe is finished.
In an interview with Paul Belien of the Brussels Journal in February 2006[2], former
Soviet Dissident Vladimir Bukovksy warned that the European Union is on its way to
becoming another Soviet Union, an EUSSR as some people call it. In a speech he
delivered in Brussels, Belgium, Mr Bukovsky called the EU a “monster” that must be
destroyed, the sooner the better, before it develops into a fully-fledged totalitarian state.
“I am referring to structures, to certain ideologies being instilled, to the plans, the
direction, the inevitable expansion, the obliteration of nations, which was the purpose of
the Soviet Union. Most people do not understand this. They do not know it, but we do
because we were raised in the Soviet Union where we had to study the Soviet ideology in
school and at university. The ultimate purpose of the Soviet Union was to create a new
historic entity, the Soviet people, all around the globe. The same is true in the EU today.
They are trying to create a new people. They call this people “Europeans”, whatever that
means. According to Communist doctrine as well as to many forms of Socialist thinking,
the state, the national state, is supposed to wither away. In Russia, however, the
opposite happened. Instead of withering away the Soviet state became a very powerful
state, but the nationalities were obliterated. But when the time of the Soviet collapse
came these suppressed feelings of national identity came bouncing back and they nearly
destroyed the country. It was so frightening.”
Bukovksy replied negatively to Belien’s question whether the member countries of the EU
didn’t join the union voluntarily, and that the integration thus reflects the democratic will
of Europeans. “No, they did not. Look at Denmark which voted against the Maastricht
treaty twice. Look at Ireland [which voted against the Nice treaty]. Look at many other
countries, they are under enormous pressure. It is almost blackmail. It is a trick for
idiots. The people have to vote in referendums until the people vote the way that is
wanted. Then they have to stop voting. Why stop? Let us continue voting. The European
Union is what Americans would call a shotgun marriage.”
In 1992, Bukovksy had unprecedented access to Politburo and other Soviet secret
documents. According to him, some of these documents “show very clearly” that the idea
of turning the European common market into a federal state was encouraged in
agreements between the left-wing parties of Europe and Moscow as a joint project which
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev in 1988-89 called our “common European home” “Of
course, it is a milder version of the Soviet Union. I am not saying that it has a Gulag.”
“The idea was very simple. It first came up in 1985-86, when the Italian Communists
visited Gorbachev, followed by the German Social-Democrats. They all complained that
the changes in the world, particularly after [British Prime Minister Margaret] Thatcher
introduced privatisation and economic liberalisation, were threatening to wipe out the
achievement (as they called it) of generations of Socialists and Social-Democrats –
threatening to reverse it completely. Therefore the only way to withstand this onslaught
of wild capitalism (as they called it) was to try to introduce the same socialist goals in all
countries at once. Prior to that, the left-wing parties and the Soviet Union had opposed
European integration very much because they perceived it as a means to block their
socialist goals.” From 1985 onwards, “the Soviets came to an agreement with the left-
wing parties that if they worked together they could hijack the whole European project
and turn it upside down. Instead of an open market they would turn it into a federal
state.”
In January 1989, during a meeting between Gorbachev, former Japanese Prime Minister
Nakasone, former French President Valéry Giscard d’Estaing, American banker Rockefeller
and former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, Giscard d’Estaing is supposed to have
stated that: “Europe is going to be a federal state and you have to prepare yourself for
that. You have to work out with us, and the European leaders, how you would react to
that, how would you allow the other Eastern European countries to interact with it or how
to become a part of it, you have to be prepared.” As Vladimir Bukovksy points out, this
was 1989, at a time when the [1992] Maastricht treaty had not even been drafted. “How
the hell did Giscard d’Estaing know what was going to happen in 15 years time? And
surprise, surprise, how did he become the author of the European constitution [in 2002-
03]? It does smell of conspiracy, doesn’t it?”
Yes, it does smell of conspiracy. This was in the 1980s, when most of the media still
dismissed talk of a political union to subdue the nation states as scaremongering. Valéry
Giscard d’Estaing, former French President and chief drafter of the awful EU
Constitution[3], an impenetrable brick of a book of hundreds of pages without any of the
checks and balances of the American Constitution, has argued that the rejection of the
Constitution in the French and Dutch referendums in 2005 “was a mistake which will
have to be corrected.” “The Constitution will have to be given its second chance.” He said
the French people voted No out of an “error of judgement” and “ignorance”, and insisted
that “In the end, the text will be adopted.” “It was a mistake to use the referendum
process, but when you make a mistake you can correct it.” Mr Giscard d’Estaing indicated
that the treaty could be put to French voters in a second referendum, or be ratified by
the French parliament. “People have the right to change their opinion. The people might
consider they made a mistake[4],” he said on a possible new referendum. Anybody who
still questions whether Eurabia, the deliberate merger between Europe and the Arab-
Islamic world described by Bat Ye’or, is “just a conspiracy theory” should read these
statements by Giscard d’Estaing. Why should we be surprised if leading EU officials make
behind-the-scenes agreements that affect the future of the entire continent, yet say
nothing about this in public or flat out lie about their agenda? This is how the EU has
been working for decades, indeed from the very beginning.
From its inception, European integration has been a French-led enterprise. The fact that
the French political elite still want to maintain their leadership over Europe was amply
demonstrated during the Iraq war. President Chirac[5] famously said in 2003 after
Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic backed the US position “They missed a good
opportunity to shut up,” adding “These countries have been not very well behaved and
rather reckless of the danger of aligning themselves too rapidly with the American
position.” Jean Monnet, French economist who was never elected to public office, is
regarded by many as the architect of European integration. Monnet was a well-connected
pragmatist who worked behind the scenes towards the gradual creation of European
unity. Richard North, publisher of the blog EU Referendum[6] and co-author of the book
The Great Deception: Can the European Union Survive? together with Christopher
Booker, describes how Jean Monnet for years, at least from the 1920s, had dreamed of
building a “United States of Europe.” Although what Monnet really had in mind was the
creation of a European entity with all the attributes of a state, an “anodyne phrasing was
deliberately chosen with a view to making it difficult to dilute by converting it into just
another intergovernmental body. It was also couched in this fashion so that it would not
scare off national governments by emphasising that its purpose was to override their
sovereignty.” In their analysis of the EU’s history, the authors claim that the EU was not
born out of WW2, as many people seem to think. It had been planned at least a
generation before that.
The Schuman Declaration of 9 May 1950, widely presented as the beginning of the
efforts towards a European Union[7] and commemorated in “Europe Day,” contains
phrases which state that it is “a first step in the federation of Europe”, and that “this
proposal will lead to the realisation of the first concrete foundation of a European
federation”. As critics of the EU have noted, these political objectives are usually omitted
when the Declaration is referred to, and most people do not even know of their
existence. A federation is of course a State and “yet for decades now the champions of
EC/EU integration have been swearing blind that they have no knowledge of any such
plans. EEC/EC/EU has steadily acquired ever more features of a supranational
Federation: flag, anthem, Parliament, Supreme Court, currency, laws.” The EU founders
“were careful only to show their citizens the benign features of their project. It had been
designed to be implemented incrementally, as an ongoing process, so that no single
phase of the project would arouse sufficient opposition as to stop or derail it.” Booker and
North calls the European Union “a slow-motion coup d’état: the most spectacular coup
d’état in history,” designed to gradually and carefully sideline the democratic process and
subdue the older nation states of Europe without saying so in public.
In 2005, an unprecedented joint declaration by the leaders of all British political groups
in Brussels called for PM Tony Blair to push for an end the “medieval” practice[8] of
European legislation being decided behind closed doors. Critics claim that the Council of
Ministers, the EU’s supreme law-making body, which decides two thirds of all Britain’s
laws (and the majority of laws in all Western European countries), “is the only legislature
outside the Communist dictatorships of North Korea and Cuba to pass laws in secret.” As
one of the signers put it: “We still have this medieval way of making decisions in the EU;
people hide behind other member states, and blame them. It increases people’s sense of
cynicism, but what we need is some straight talking.” According to British Conservative
politician Daniel Hannan[9], this is how the EU was designed. “Its founding fathers
understood from the first that their audacious plan to merge the ancient nations of
Europe into a single polity would never succeed if each successive transfer of power had
to be referred back to the voters for approval. So they cunningly devised a structure
where supreme power was in the hands of appointed functionaries, immune to public
opinion.” “Indeed, the EU’s structure is not so much undemocratic as anti-democratic.”
Vladimir Bukovksy, too, warns that it looks like we are living in a period of rapid,
systematic and very consistent dismantlement of democracy. “Look at this Legislative and
Regulatory Reform Bill. It makes ministers into legislators who can introduce new laws
without bothering to tell Parliament or anyone.” “Today’s situation is really grim. Major
political parties have been completely taken in by the new EU project. None of them
really opposes it. They have become very corrupt. Who is going to defend our freedoms?”
He doesn’t have much faith in institutions such as the elected, but largely powerless
European Parliament, to curtail these developments. “The European Parliament is elected
on the basis of proportional representation, which is not true representation. And what
does it vote on? The percentage of fat in yoghurt, that kind of thing. It is ridiculous.” “It
is no accident that the European Parliament, for example, reminds me of the Supreme
Soviet. It looks like the Supreme Soviet because it was designed like it. Similary, when
you look at the European Commission it looks like the Politburo,” which was the real
centre of power in the USSR, unaccountable to anyone, not directly elected by anyone at
all.
Another former citizen of the USSR, Vilius Brazenas[10], has noted some of these
similarities between EU and Soviet institutions, too. “When former Soviet dictator Mikhail
Gorbachev visited Britain in 2000, he accurately described the European Union as “the
new European Soviet.” He said this with obvious approval, since he sees the evolving EU
as fulfilling his vision of a “common European home” stretching “from the Atlantic to the
Urals,” as he described it in his 1987 book Perestroika. Mr. Gorbachev is a lifelong
Communist.” “It is highly significant that a top-level Marxist-Leninist such as Mikhail
Gorbachev could find such affinity with Western leaders about a “common European
home” and then, 13 years later, approvingly note that that common home was moving
ever closer to the Soviet model.” “Booker and North write that Belgian Prime Minister
Paul-Henri Spaak, known in Europe as “Mr. Socialist,” was responsible for convincing his
fellow EU founding fathers that “the most effective way to disguise their project’s political
purpose was to conceal it behind a pretense that it was concerned only with economic co-
operation, based on dismantling trade barriers: a ‘common market.’”
Meanwhile, the vast and inflated EU bureaucracy puts its tentacles into regulating every
conceivable subject in Europe in great detail, not just the percentage of fat in yoghurt.
Beer drinkers in Germany were frothing at the mouth during the summer of 2005 over
EU plans to make Bavarian barmaids cover up. The aim of the proposed EU directive was
to protect them from the sun’s harmful rays. But the so-called “tan ban”[11] was
condemned as absurd by breweries, politicians — and the barmaids. It was eventually
withdrawn. In Sweden, most clothes sold in shops contain labels with washing
instructions[12]. But the labels were viewed at the EU level as a hindrance to free trade,
as it was prejudicial to foreign clothes sold in Sweden that don’t have the labels. A poll
commissioned by the Swedish Consumer Agency showed that eight out of ten Swedes
read the washing instructions before they wash new clothes, and six out of ten read them
before they buy clothes.
These are examples of the more ridiculous or funny aspects of the EU machinery. But
there is also a much more sinister side to it: The promotion of an official, “Eurabian”
federal ideology promoting multiculturalism[13], denouncing all those wanting to
preserve their democracy at the nation state level as “xenophobes” and those wanting to
limit Third World immigration as “racists.” A report from the EU’s racism watchdog said
Europe must do more to combat racism and “Islamophobia.[14]” New anti-discrimination
laws to combat Islamophobia are to be enacted, as they already have been in Norway,
where Norwegians need to mount proof of their own innocence[15] if Muslim immigrants
accuse them of discrimination in any form, including discriminatory speech. The EU also
wants to promote an official lexicon[16] shunning offensive and culturally insensitive
terms such as “Islamic terrorism.”
EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana[17], after the ripples caused in early 2006 by the
Muhammad cartoons published in Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten, travelled to the
Middle East and made joint statements with Islamic leaders that “freedom of the press
entails responsibility and discretion and should respect the beliefs and tenets of all
religions.” Solana said that he had discussed means to ensure that “religious symbols can
be protected”. Such steps could materialise through various mechanisms, “and maybe
inside the new human rights commission created in the UN”, he said. He held talks with
Sheikh Mohammed Sayed Tantawi of Al Azhar University, the highest seat of learning in
Sunni Islam, and Arab League Secretary-General Amr Moussa. In a meeting with the
leader of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC), Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu,
Solana said that “I expressed our sincere regret that religious feelings have been
hurt[18]”, vowing “to reach out… to make sure that people’s hearts and minds are not
hurt again.” Dutch daily De Telegraaf quoted the Dutch state secretary for European
Affairs Atzo Nicolai as characterising the appeasing tone used by Mr Solana as “shocking.”
Only a few years earlier, Mr. Solana, then Secretary General of NATO, in a speech
stated[19] that “the root cause of conflicts in Europe and beyond can be traced directly
to the absence of democracy and openness. The absence of the pressure valve of
democratic discourse can lead these societies to explode into violence.” The irony that he
himself later was trying to curtail the democratic discourse in Europe through the
promotion of Islamic censorship and speech codes apparently did not strike him.
Journalist Nidra Poller[20], commenting on the debate prior to the EU Constitution
referendum in France, noted other incidents of this deliberate, submissive attitude among
EU leaders towards Muslim demands. “The Euro-Mediterranean “Dialogue” is a
masterpiece of abject surrender. The European Union functions therein as an
intermediate stage of an ominous Eurabian project that calls for a meltdown of European
culture and its recasting in a monumental paradise of cultural relativism… that closely
resembles the Muslim oumma. Isn’t this a more accurate vision of what the Union is
preparing for its docile citizens? When subversive appeasement hides behind the veil of
“Dialogue,” what unspeakable ambitions might be dissembled by the noble word
“Constitution”?”
Intelligent people have been warning against this development for years. British
philosopher Roger Scruton, in books such a The West and the Rest: Globalisation and the
Terrorist Threat[21] and England and the Need for Nations[22], warns that: “We in
Europe stand at a turning point in our history. Our parliaments and legal systems still
have territorial sovereignty. They still correspond to historical patterns of settlement that
have enabled the French, the Germans, the Spaniards, the British and the Italians to say
‘we’ and to know whom they mean by it. The opportunity remains to recuperate the
legislative powers and the executive procedures that formed the nation states of Europe.
At the same time, the process has been set in motion that would expropriate the
remaining sovereignty of our parliaments and courts, that would annihilate the
boundaries between our jurisdictions, that would dissolve the nationalities of Europe in a
historically meaningless collectivity, united neither by language, nor by religion, nor by
customs, nor by inherited sovereignty and law.” “The case against the nation state has
not been properly made, and the case for the transnational alternative has not been
made at all. I believe therefore that we are on the brink of decisions that could prove
disastrous for Europe and for the world, and that we have only a few years in which to
take stock of our inheritance and to reassume it.”
Czech President Vaclav Klaus[23], an admirer of Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher,
has said that the EU enlargement with ten new member states, mostly former
Communist countries in Central and Eastern Europe, “increased the EU’s democratic
deficit.” He warned that “The EU has continued – at an accelerated speed – to expand the
number of pages of its legislation which now deals with almost every aspect of human life
and human activities.” Mr Klaus also stressed that the nation-state “is an unsubstitutable
guarantor of democracy (opposite to all kinds of ‘Reichs,’ empires and conglomerates of
states).”
According to Vladimir Bukovksy, “the most likely outcome is that there will be an
economic collapse in Europe, which in due time is bound to happen with this growth of
expenses and taxes. The inability to create a competitive environment, the
overregulation of the economy, the bureaucratisation, it is going to lead to economic
collapse.” “I have no doubt about it. There will be a collapse of the European Union pretty
much like the Soviet Union collapsed. But do not forget that when these things collapse
they leave such devastation that it takes a generation to recover. Just think what will
happen if it comes to an economic crisis. The recrimination between nations will be huge.
It might come to blows. Look to the huge number of immigrants from Third World
countries now living in Europe. This was promoted by the European Union. What will
happen with them if there is an economic collapse? We will probably have, like in the
Soviet Union at the end, so much ethnic strife that the mind boggles.” “I think that the
European Union, like the Soviet Union, cannot be democratised. Gorbachev tried to
democratise it and it blew up. This kind of structures cannot be democratised.”
Richard North[24] writes that “If, against all the odds, the Constitution does go ahead, it
would be like locking down the lid on a pressure cooker and sealing off the safety valve.
The break-up might take a little longer, but it will be explosive when it comes.” In the
book he co-authored with Christopher Booker, the authors conclude: “Behind the lofty
ideals of supranationalism in short, evoking an image of Commissoners sitting like Plato’s
Guardians, guiding the affairs of Europe on some rarefied plane far above the petty
egotisms and rivalries of mere nation states, the project Monnet had set on its way was a
vast, ramshackle, self-deluding monster: partly suffocating in its own bureaucracy; partly
a corrupt racket, providing endless opportunities for individuals and collectives to outwit
and exploit their fellow men; partly a mighty engine for promoting the national interests
of those countries who knew how to ‘work the system’, among whom the Irish and the
Spanish had done better than most, but of whom France was the unrivalled master. The
one thing above all the project could never be, because by definition it had never been
intended to be, was in the remotest sense democratic.” They believe this is why the EU is
doomed and why it will “leave a terrible devastation[25] behind it, a wasteland from
which it would take many years for the peoples of Europe to emerge.”
I understand concerns that the destruction of the EU could cause “instability” in Europe.
It will. But we will probably end up with some “instability” anyway, given the number of
Muslims here that the EUrabians have helped in. Besides, if “stability” means a steady
course towards Eurabia, I’ll take some instability any day. I can’t see that we have any
choice. The truth is that Europe has got itself into a bad fix, again, and will have some
turbulent and painful years and decades ahead regardless of what we do at this point.
The choice is between some pain where Europe prevails and pain where Europe simply
ceases to exist as a Western, cultural entity.
Some would hope that we could “reform” the EU, keep the “positive” aspects of it and not
“throw out the baby with the bath water.” I beg to differ. I was naïve, too, once, and
thought there were positive aspects to the EU. There aren’t, or not nearly enough to keep
any of it.
The EU is all bath water, no baby.
Which is why, as Bukovksy says, “the sooner we finish with the EU the better. The sooner
it collapses the less damage it will have done to us and to other countries. But we have
to be quick because the Eurocrats are moving very fast. It will be difficult to defeat them.
Today it is still simple. If one million people march on Brussels today these guys will run
away to the Bahamas.”
The creation of Eurabia is the greatest act of treason in the history of Western civilisation
for two thousand years, since the age of Brutus and Judas. In Dante Alighieri’s The Divine
Comedy, Brutus and Judas Iscariot were placed in the harshest section of Hell, even
below Muhammad. If Dante were alive today, he’d probably make some room for Valéry
Giscard d’Estaing and his Eurabian cronies in the Hot Place. The EU elites see themselves
as Julius Caesar or Octavian, but end up being Brutus. They want to recreate the Roman
Empire on both sides of the Mediterranean, bound together by some vague references to
a “shared Greek heritage.” Instead, they are creating a civilisational breakdown across
much of Western Europe as the barbarians are overrunning the continent. The EU wants
to recreate the Roman Empire and ends up creating the second fall of Rome.
Eurabia can only be derailed by destroying the organisation that created it in the first
place: The European Union.
Sources:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/06/why-eu-needs-to-be-destroyed-and-soon.html
1. http://www.faithfreedom.org/oped/Fjordman60527.htm
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/865
3. http://www.free-europe.org/blog/english.php?itemid=303
4. http://euobserver.com/9/21674
5. http://euobserver.com/9/20986
6. http://www.eureferendum.blogspot.com/
7. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/05/another-american-century-or-another.html
8. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/article563177.ece
9. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/opinion/main.jhtml?
xml=/opinion/2006/03/20/do2001.xml&sSheet=/opinion/2006/03/20/ixopinion.html
10. http://www.stoptheftaa.org/artman/publish/article_141.shtml
11. http://www.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30200-13399577,00.html
12. http://www.thelocal.se/article.php?ID=1663
13. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/010829.php
14. http://www.eubusiness.com/Social/051123163159.lgj3o885
15. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/05/norwegian-inquisition-sunset-in-land.html
16. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=20045_EU_Ostriches
17. http://www.metimes.com/articles/normal.php?StoryID=20060214-062639-6847r
18. http://euobserver.com/9/20956
19. http://www.nato.int/docu/speech/1998/s981112a.htm
20. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/006392.php
21. http://www.morec.com/scruton/
22. http://www.civitas.org.uk/pubs/Scruton_cs49.php
23. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/893
24. http://www.iht.com/articles/2004/01/15/ednorth_ed3_.php
25. http://www.free-europe.org/blog/english.php?itemid=301
26. http://51.489.-0.140plusf35:OQrekqx638547721565ХБ
2.5 Boycott the United Nations!
By Fjordman
The United Nation’sSecretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned[1] Wilder’s movie Fitna
as “offensively anti-Islamic,” and said that “There is no justification for hate speech or
incitement to violence.” Does that mean that the UN is now going to ban the Koran,
which does both? As Robert Spencer commented, “What exactly is ‘hate speech’ about
quoting Qur’an verses and then showing Muslim preachers using those verses to exhort
people to commit acts of violence, as well as violent acts committed by Muslims inspired
by those verses and others?”
Earlier in March[2], the U.N. Human Rights Council, which is dominated by Muslim
countries, passed a resolution saying it is deeply concerned about the defamation of
religions and urging governments to prohibit it. The only religion specified is Islam. The
document was put forward by the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, the largest
voting bloc at the UN, sponsored by Saudi money.
I have been saying for a long time that trying to export “democracy” to Islamic countries
is pointless. Islam can be compatible with “democracy” in the limited sense of voting
rights and majority rule, but this has never automatically implied individual liberty. (See
my online booklet Is Islam Compatible With Democracy?[3])
It’s a sick joke that American soldiers are bleeding literally and American taxpayers
financially to export “democracy” to Iraq while Muslims are exporting Sharia to us.
Freedom is free speech, that’s the simplest, and maybe the truest, definition of it.
Muslims are trying to use the UN to limit free speech across the world, which basically
means putting the entire world under Islamic rule.
My view of the United Nations[4] is quite clear: It is at best irrelevant. At best.
Increasingly, it is turning into an outright enemy, an enemy funded by us but used to
attack us. I don’t know about anybody else, but I’m goddam tired of sponsoring enemies,
at home and abroad. I’m all for boycotting the UN and making it truly irrelevant by
bleeding it dry for funds and ultimately withdrawing from it.
Even if we are in a weak phase, which we are, we are still a civilisation of vastly superior
resources. Muslims have lots of oil and lots of babies and lots of aggression, but that’s all
they have. Otherwise, they’re a spectacular failure. We need them for very little. They
need us for virtually everything. Their greatest flaw is their arrogance. Muslims are
arrogant losers.
We should exploit that. We should separate ourselves from the Islamic world as much as
possible. They will suffer far more from this than we will. We can start by boycotting the
UN, which is now little more than a tool for global sharia, and the Arab Muslims of the
West Bank and Gaza, who reinvented themselves as “Palestinians” and started whining at
the UN after the Israelis kicked their collective behinds in 1967.
I notice former Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad[5] calls upon Muslims
worldwide to boycott Dutch products. I’m all for boycotts of and by Muslims. The more,
the merrier. In case somebody forgot, Mr. Mahathir held the notorious speech at the OIC
conference in 2003, where he said that the Jews rule the world by proxy and that
Muslims must unite to achieve a final victory over them. Not everybody remembers that
he also boasted about the age when”Europeans had to kneel at the feet of Muslim
scholars in order to access their own scholastic heritage.”
Somebody should remind him that the so-called “golden age” of Islam was a result of a
still-majority or near-majority non-Muslim population. As soon as that majority declined,
due to harassment and discrimination, the Islamic world never recovered. Malaysia is
sometimes portrayed as an economically successful Muslim nation, but that is because it
only recently became majority Muslim and still has a large Chinese, Indian and other
non-Muslim minority. Since Islam is becoming more aggressive and Muslims increase
discrimination of non-Muslims, infidels will leave, and Malaysia will gradually be reduced
to just another failed sharia state.
We should all be happy if Muslims boycott us. When they feel so unwelcome that they
stop coming to our countries, we will be making progress.
Recommendations for the West - 1[6]
The best way to deal with the Islamic world is to have as little to do with it as possible.
We should ban Muslim immigration. This could be done in creative and indirect ways,
such as banning immigration from nations with citizens known to be engaged in terrorist
activities. We should remove all Muslim non-citizens currently in the West. We should
also change our laws to ensure that Muslim citizens who advocate sharia, preach Jihad,
the inequality of “infidels” and of women should have their citizenship revoked and be
deported back to their country of origin.
We need to create an environment where the practice of Islam is made difficult. Muslim
citizens should be forced to either accept our secular ways or leave if they desire sharia.
Much of this can be done in a non-discriminatory way, by simply refusing to allow special
pleading to Muslims. Do not allow the Islamic public call to prayer as it is offensive to
other faiths. All children, boys and girls should take part in all sporting and social
activities of the school and the community. The veil should be banned in all public
institutions, thus also contributing to breaking the traditional subjugation of women.
Companies and public buildings should not be forced to build prayer rooms for Muslims.
Enact laws to eliminate the abuse of family reunification laws. Do not permit major
investments by Muslims in Western media or universities.
Right now, Muslims can enjoy the best of both worlds: Following medieval religious laws
while enjoying the fruits of 21st century civilisation. We need to drive home the utter
failure of the Islamic model by making sure that Muslims should no longer able to count
on permanent Western or infidel aid in their overpopulated, self-primitivised states,
whose very unviability they are prevented from recognising by this constant infusion of
aid.
I’m advocating isolating the Islamic world, not the West. Even if we cannot allow all non-
Muslims to freely settle in our lands, this does not mean that they have to be our
enemies. Jihad is being waged against the entire non-Muslim world, not just the West.
We should stop trying to “win the hearts and minds” of Muslims and start reaching out to
non-Muslims.
For Europe, the most important thing to do right now is to dismantle the European Union
in its present form, and regain national control over our borders and our legislation. The
EU is so deeply flawed as an organisation, and so heavily infiltrated by Eurabian and pro-
Islamic thinking that it simply cannot be reformed. And let’s end the stupid support for
the Palestinians that the Eurabians have encouraged, and start supporting our cultural
cousin, Israel.
Why the Future May Not Belong to Islam[7]
Seaborne believes that many people are underestimating the strength of Islam. Perhaps,
but some observers, including Mark Steyn and Mr. Seaborne himself, may be
overestimating it. They overlook the fact that Islam has many weaknesses, too. Don’t
underestimate your enemy. Muslims should be credited for making clever use of our
weaknesses, but this “we’re all doomed and have already lost” theme is overblown.
We should implement a policy of containment of the Islamic world. I’m not saying that
containment is all that we will ever need to do, but it is the very minimum that is
acceptable. Perhaps the spread of nuclear weapons technology, the darkest side of
globalisation, will trigger a large-scale war with the Islamic world at some point. The only
way to avoid this is to take steps, including military ones, to deprive Muslims of such
technology.
We should restrain their ability to hurt us physically. We can’t prevent it completely, but
we should limit it as much as possible. Muslims try to wear us down through terrorism.
They should be worn down through mockery and criticism. We should also make clear
that for every Islamic terror attack we will increase these efforts, which Muslims fear
more than our weapons. It’s the new balance of terror.
Dr Koenraad Elst, one of Belgium’s best orientalists, thinks “Islam is in decline, despite its
impressive demographic and military surge” — which according to Dr Elst is merely a
“last upheaval.” He acknowledges, however, that this decline can take some time (at least
in terms of the individual human life span) and that it is possible that Islam will succeed
in becoming the majority religion in Europe before collapsing.
Dalrymple is probably correct when he says that Islam is an “all or nothing” religion
which cannot be secularised. The future may not belong to Islam, as Mark Steyn
suggests. It is conceivable that Islam in some generations will cease to be a global force
of any significance, but in the meantime it will be a constant source of danger to its
neighbours, from Europe through India to Southeast Asia. The good news is that Islam
may not be able to achieve the world dominance it desires. The bad news is that it may
be able to achieve a world war. We can only cage it as much as possible and try to
prevent this from happening.
Farewell to the United Nations?[8]
Historian David Littman is a representative to the United Nations (Geneva) of the
Association for World Education. He has spent years tracking the rise of Islamic influence
at the UN. According to him, “In recent years, representatives of some Muslim states
have demanded, and often received, special treatment at the United Nations.” “As a
result, non-diplomatic terms such as ‘blasphemy’ and ‘defamation of Islam’ have seeped
into the United Nations system, leading to a situation in which non-Muslim governments
accept certain rules of conduct in conformity with Islamic law (the Shari’a) and acquiesce
to a self-imposed silence regarding topics touching on Islam.”
I do not have all the answers to how such a post-UN world will be like. The most
important principle at this point is to isolate and contain the Islamic world. We simply
cannot allow our enemies to have direct influence over our policies, which they partly do
have through the UN. Is it unrealistic to talk about the collapse of the EU and the UN? I
don’t know. The UN was created in the aftermath of WW2. It survived the Cold War, but
now we are rapidly entering into a new world war. My bet is that we will see huge
changes in world affairs in the near future, at least as large as those which laid the
foundations for the UN to begin with. Whatever usefulness the UN may have had was lost
decades ago. It is today of little use to us, but of significant use to our enemies. The time
has come to say farewell to the United Nations.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/03/boycott-united-nations.html
1. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/020483.php
2. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/020474.php
3. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/04/is-islam-compatible-with-democracy.html
4. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1224
5. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/020490.php
6. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/recommendations-for-west.html
7. http://www.globalpolitician.com/22560-islam
8. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1224
Recommendations for the West - 2
By Fjordman
The West at the beginning of the 21st century suffers from a lack of cultural confidence,
and is in some ways engaged in an internal struggle over the very meaning of Western
civilisation. This ideological “war within the West” has helped paved the way for the
physical “war against the West” that is waged by Muslim Jihadists, who quite correctly
view our creed of multiculturalism and our acceptance of Muslim immigration as signs of
weakness and that the West has lost contact with its civilisational roots.
Perhaps we will need to resolve the war within the West before we can win the war
against the West. When Westerners such as Polish king Jan III Sobieski led their troops
to victory over the Turks in the 1683 Battle of Vienna, they fought for a number of
reasons: Their country, their culture and their religion, among other things. People don’t
just need to live, they need something to live for, and fight for. We are against Islam.
What are we for?
I would suggest that one thing we should fight for is national sovereignty and the right to
preserve our own culture and pass it on to future generations. We are fighting for the
right to define our own laws and national policies, not to be held hostage by Leftist
Utopians, unaccountable NGOs, transnational progressives or self-appointed guardians of
the truth.
Multiculturalism is wrong because not all cultures are equal. However, it is also
championed by groups with a hidden agenda. Multiculturalism serves as a tool for ruling
elites to fool people, to keep them from knowing that they have lost, or deliberately
vacated, control over national borders. Leftists who dislike Western civilisation use
multiculturalism to undermine it, a hate ideology disguised as tolerance. Multiculturalism
equals the unilateral destruction of Western culture, the only unilateral action the West is
allowed to take, according to some.
There are also some libertarian right-wingers and Big Business supporters who see man
only as the sum of his economic functions, as cheap labour and consumers, homo
economicus. They believe not only in free markets but in free migration, and tend to
downplay the impact of culture. They are Islam’s useful idiots in the fight against the
West.
Although Leftists tend to be more aggressive, perhaps the dividing line in the internal
struggle in the West is less between Left and Right, and more between those who value
national sovereignty and Western culture and those who do not. End the nonsense of
“celebrating our differences.” We should be celebrating our sameness and what binds us
together. We should clean up our history books and school curricula, which have been
infected with anti-Western sentiments.
Upholding national borders has become more important in the age of globalisation,
terrorism and mass-migration, not less. No nation regardless of political system can
survive the loss of its territorial integrity, but democratic states especially so. Those who
don’t want to uphold national borders are actually tearing down the very foundations of
our democratic system, which is based on nation states. The fight for national
sovereignty is thus the fight for democracy itself, since nobody has so far made any
convincing model of a supranational democracy.
We now have a political class who spend much of their time travelling around the world.
They no longer feel as attached to the people they are supposed to represent as they did
in the past. This is perhaps inevitable, but it feeds a growing sense of detachment
between ordinary people and their supposed leaders. We need to remind our political
leaders that we pay national taxes because they are supposed to uphold our national
borders. If they can’t do so, the social contract is breached, and we should no longer be
required to pay our taxes. National taxes, national borders could become a new rallying
cry.
The West is declining as a percentage of world population, and in danger of being
overwhelmed by immigration from poorer countries with booming populations.
Westerners need to adjust our self-image to being less dominant in the 21st century. As
such, we also need to ditch Messianic altruism: The West must first of all save itself. We
have no obligation to “save” the Islamic world, and do not have the financial strength nor
the demographic numbers to do so even if we wanted to. We are not all-powerful and are
not in the position to help all of the Third World out of poverty, certainly not by allowing
all of them to move here.
We should take a break from massive immigration, also non-Muslim immigration, for at
least a generation, in order to absorb and assimilate the persons we already have in our
countries. The West is becoming so overwhelmed by immigration that this may trigger
civil wars in several Western nations in the near future. We already have massive Third
World ghettos in our major cities. Future immigration needs to be more strictly controlled
and ONLY non-Muslim.
This immigration break should be used to demonstrate clearly that the West will no
longer serve as the dumping ground for excess population growth in other countries. We
have cultures and countries that we’d like to preserve, too, and cannot and should not be
expected to accept unlimited number of migrants from other countries. But above all, the
West, and indeed the non-Muslim world, should make our countries Islam-unfriendly and
implement a policy of containment of Dar al-Islam. This is the most civilised thing we can
do in order to save ourselves, but also to limit the loss of life among both Muslims and
non-Muslims.
The best way to deal with the Islamic world is to have as little to do with it as possible.
We should ban Muslim immigration. This could be done in creative and indirect ways,
such as banning immigration from nations with citizens known to be engaged in terrorist
activities. We should remove all Muslim non-citizens currently in the West. We should
also change our laws to ensure that Muslim citizens who advocate sharia, preach Jihad,
the inequality of “infidels” and of women should have their citizenship revoked and be
deported back to their country of origin.
We need to create an environment where the practice of Islam is made difficult. Muslim
citizens should be forced to either accept our secular ways or leave if they desire sharia.
Much of this can be done in a non-discriminatory way, by simply refusing to allow special
pleading to Muslims. Do not allow the Islamic public call to prayer as it is offensive to
other faiths. All children, boys and girls should take part in all sporting and social
activities of the school and the community. The veil should be banned in all public
institutions, thus also contributing to breaking the traditional subjugation of women.
Companies and public buildings should not be forced to build prayer rooms for Muslims.
Enact laws to eliminate the abuse of family reunification laws. Do not permit major
investments by Muslims in Western media or universities.
As columnist Diana West of the Washington Times points out, we should shift from a pro-
democracy offensive to an anti-sharia defensive. Calling this the War on Terror was a
mistake. Baron Bodissey of the Gates of Vienna blog suggests the slogan “Take Back the
Culture,” thus focusing on our internal struggle for Western culture. Another possibility is
“War against Apartheid.” Given sharia’s inequality between men and women, Muslims and
non-Muslims, it is de facto a religious apartheid system. Calling this struggle a self-
defence against apartheid would make it more difficult for Western Leftists to dismiss it.
People should be educated about the realities of Jihad and sharia. Educating non-Muslims
about Islam is probably more important than educating Muslims, but we should do both.
Authorities or groups of dedicated individuals should engage in efforts to explain the real
nature of Islam, emphasising the division that Islam teaches between Believer and
Infidel, the permanent state of war between Dar al-Islam and Dar al-Harb and the uses
of taqiyya and kitman as religious deception.
As Hugh Fitzgerald of Jihad Watch says, we should explain why Islam encourages
despotism (because allegiance is owed the ruler as long as he is a Muslim), economic
paralysis, intellectual failure (the cult of authority, the hostility to free and skeptical
inquiry) in Islamic countries. Let Muslims themselves begin slowly to understand that all
of their political, economic, social, intellectual, and moral failures are a result of Islamic
teachings.
Fitzgerald also suggests exploiting the many fissures within the Islamic world: Divide and
conquer. Divide and demoralise. Islam has universalist claims but it talks about Arabs as
the “best of peoples,” and has been a vehicle for Arab supremacy, to promote Arab
conquest of wealthier non-Arab populations. In addition to divisions between Arabs and
non-Arab Muslims, we have the sectarian divide between Shias and Sunnis, and the
economic division between the fabulously rich oil-and-natural-gas Arab states and the
poor Muslim countries.
Both the sectarian and economic divisions within Islam are best exploited by Infidels
doing nothing. If the Western world stops giving Egypt, Pakistan, Jordan, and the
Palestinians “aid,” which has in reality become a disguised form of Jizyah, this will clear
the psychological air. And it will force the poorer Arabs and other Muslims to go to the
rich Arabs for support.
Right now, Muslims can enjoy the best of both worlds: Following medieval religious laws
while enjoying the fruits of 21st century civilisation. We need to drive home the utter
failure of the Islamic model by making sure that Muslims should no longer able to count
on permanent Western or infidel aid in their overpopulated, self-primitivised states,
whose very unviability they are prevented from recognising by this constant infusion of
aid.
We also need to deprive Arabs and Muslims as much as possible of Western Jizya in other
forms, which means ending foreign aid, but also institute a Manhattan Project for
alternative sources of energy, in order to become independent of Arab oil.
And as Mr. Fitzgerald asks: “What would the rich Arabs do if the Western world decided to
seize their property in the West as the assets of enemy aliens, just as was done to the
property owned not only by the German government, but by individual Germans, during
World War II? And what would they do if they were to be permanently deprived of easy
access to Western medical care?”
We also need to reject the “You turn into what you fight” argument. The British, the
Americans and the Canadians didn’t become Nazis while fighting Nazi Germany, did they?
The truth is, we will become like Muslims if we don’t fight them and keep them out of our
countries, since they will subdue us and Islamise us by force. The West isn’t feared
because we are “oppressors,” we are despised because we are perceived as being
decadent and weak.
Yes, we should implement a policy of containment of the Islamic world, but for this to
work we will sometimes have to take military action to crush Arab pretensions to
grandeur. The Buddhists of Central Asia undoubtedly held the “moral high ground” in
relations to Muslims. They are all dead now. At the very least, we must be prepared to
back up our ideological defences with force on certain occasions. Holding a higher moral
standard isn’t going to defeat an Iranian President with nukes, threatening another
Holocaust.
Writer Raymond Kraft explains Western softness very well: The Islamic movement “has
turned the civility of the United States and Europe into a weapon and turned it against
us. It has weaponised niceness, it has weaponised compassion, it has weaponised the
fundamental decency of Western Civilisation. We have become too civilised to defeat our
enemies, perhaps too civilised to survive.”
Kraft thinks we are naïve in believing that the deeds of Hezbollah, Hamas, Al Qaeda, the
whole Islamic Jihad, are done by a bunch of “non-state actors.” In real life they’re agents
of nation states (Iran, Syria, Saudi Arabia, sometimes Russia or China) who want to
weaken the West by a proxy war.
The Chinese and the Russians do not want to fight an open war with the Americans, but
they would be hugely pleased to see the United States cut down to size a bit, until it is
about as much a threat to anybody as the European Union is now, “so the Chinese and
Russians can run the global show as they see fit, ration the oil, and pocket the profits.”
There is, however, a big difference: The Islamic world always has been our enemy and
always will be. China and Russia do not have to be our enemies, although our relations
will be complicated because of their size and their own Great Power ambitions. We can,
at best, persuade them that directly opposing us isn’t going to pay off.
I have heard several objections to the containment option. Some claim that it is too
harsh and thus won’t be implemented; others say that it is insufficient and won’t work in
the long run.
It’s true that in the current political situation, expulsion of sharia-sponsoring Muslims
isn’t going to happen. But the current political situation isn’t going to last.
We will get civil wars in several Western countries because of this immigration, and given
the increasing clashes with Muslim immigrants in France, in England and in other
countries one could argue that we are seeing early signs of this already now. This will
finally demonstrate how serious the situation is, and force other Western nations to ban
Muslim immigration and pressure Muslim citizens to assimilate or leave.
I have heard comments that it isn’t practically doable to contain the Islamic world behind
some artificial Maginot Line. When the Mongols could simply go around the Great Wall of
China during the Middle Ages, it will be impossible to contain anybody in the 21st century
with modern communication technology.
I understand this objection. No, it won’t be easy, but we have to at least try.
Containment is the very minimum that is acceptable. Perhaps the spread of nuclear
technology will indeed trigger a large-scale war with the Islamic world at some point. The
only way to avoid this is to take steps, including military ones, to deprive Muslims of such
technology. The Jihad is being waged with military, political, demographic and diplomatic
means. The defence against Jihad has to be equally diverse.
I have also been criticised because my talk about containment and the need to limit even
non-Muslim immigration smacks of the siege mentality of a friendless West. First of all,
the policy of stricter immigration control isn’t based on isolationism, it’s based on
realism. We’re in the middle of the largest population boom and the largest migration
waves in human history. The simple fact is that far more people want to live in the West
than we can possibly let in.
Technological globalisation has made it easier for people to travel to other countries, but
also easier for them to stay in touch with their original homeland as if they never left. We
have to deal with this fact by slowing the immigration rates to assimilation levels, or our
societies, and certainly our democratic system, will slowly break down.
Moreover, I’m advocating isolating the Islamic world, not the West. Even if we cannot
allow all non-Muslims to freely settle in our lands, this does not mean that they have to
be our enemies. Jihad is being waged against the entire non-Muslim world, not just the
West. We should stop trying to “win the hearts and minds” of Muslims and start reaching
out to non-Muslims.
The United Nations is heavily infiltrated by Islamic groups. We should starve it for funds
and ridicule it at any given opportunity. As an alternative to the UN, we could create an
organisation where only democratic states could become members. Another possibility is
an expansion of NATO. The most important principle at this point is to contain the Islamic
world. We simply cannot allow our enemies to have influence over our policies, which
they partly do through the UN.
What the West should do is to enter into strategic alliances with non-Western states that
share some of our political ideals and goals. This includes non-Muslim nations such as
Japan and India, perhaps also Thailand, the Philippines and others. We will, however, still
need some understanding with Russia and China and some mechanism for consultations
with both. Perhaps, instead of any new and formalised organisation, the most influential
countries will simply form ad hoc alliances to deal with issues as they arise.
The situation in the Old West in Europe is right now more serious than in the New West,
the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
For Europe, the most important thing to do right now is to dismantle the European Union
in its present form, and regain national control over our borders and our legislation. The
EU is so deeply flawed as an organisation, and so heavily infiltrated by Eurabian and pro-
Islamic thinking that it simply cannot be reformed. And let’s end the stupid support for
the Palestinians that the Eurabians have encouraged, and start supporting our cultural
cousin, Israel.
Europeans also need to ditch the welfare state, which is probably doomed anyway. The
welfare state wasn’t all bad, but the welfare state economies cannot compete in a world
of billions of capitalists in low-cost countries. Besides, the welfare state creates a false
sense of security in a dog-eat-dog world, and it breeds a passivity that is very dangerous
in the fight against Jihad. It may also indirectly contribute to the low birth rates in many
European countries.
We should use the money instead to strengthen our border controls and rebuild credible
militaries. Western Europeans have lived under Pax Americana for so long that we have
forgotten how to defend ourselves. This needs to change, and soon.
Europeans should adopt legislation similar to the First Amendment in the American
Constitution, securing the right to free speech. The reason why European authorities are
becoming increasingly totalitarian in their censorship efforts is to conceal the fact that
they are no longer willing or able to uphold even the most basic security of their citizenry,
far less our national borders. Europe needs free speech more than ever.
We need to strike a balance between defeatism and denial. Yes, the situation in Europe is
now very serious, but it is not totally lost. Not yet. The Danish Cartoon Jihad has
demonstrated that their Islamic arrogance encourages Muslims to become too
aggressive, too early, and thus overplay their hand. Our main problem is ourselves.
Europe’s elites have lost contact with the people, and the people have lost contact with
reality. Western Europe is now a collection of several layers of different Utopias:
multiculturalism, welfarism, radical feminism and transnationalism that will all soon come
crashing down. The important question is how we’re going to deal with this.
Yes, we have been betrayed by our own leaders, but that’s still only part of the problem.
People tend to get the governments they deserve. Maybe we get weak leaders because
we are weak, or because they can exploit weaknesses in our mentality to get us where
they want to; above all anti-Americanism, anti-Semitism, our excessive desire for
consensus and suppression of dissent, the anti-individualistic legacy from Socialism and
the passivity bred by welfare state bureaucracy. Muslims are stuck with their problems
and their corrupt leaders and blame everybody else for their own failures because they
can never admit they are caused by deep flaws in their culture. We shouldn’t make the
same mistake. Europeans export wine; Arabs export whine. That’s the way it should be.
It is highly likely that the coming generation will determine whether Europe will continue
to exist as a Western cultural entity. However, just as Islam isn’t the cause of Europe’s
weakness but rather a secondary infection, it is conceivable that the Islamic threat could
have the unforeseen and ironic effect of saving Europe from herself. Europe will bleed but
she won’t die.
As the quote goes in the Hollywood classic “The Third Man”:
”…in Italy for 30 years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed,
but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland
they had brotherly love — they had 500 years of democracy and peace, and what did that
produce? The cuckoo clock.”
Some would say that’s a tad unfair to the Swiss. Switzerland has been at the forefront of
many technological developments for a long time, and we could probably learn from their
example with frequent referendums and direct democracy. But it’s true that European
renewals can be messy stuff.
Muslims always claim that Islamic influences triggered the Renaissance. That’s not true.
But maybe it will be this time. Perhaps this life-and-death struggle with Islam is precisely
the slap in the face that we need to regroup and revitalise our civilisation. Is there still
enough strength left in Europe to repel an Islamic invasion once more? If so, Muslims
could indeed be responsible for triggering a Western Renaissance, the Second
Renaissance.
It remains to be seen whether this will actually happen, or whether it is wishful thinking.
Europe will unfortunately experience some warfare either way. Will this produce a
Michelangelo or a Muhammad? Only time will tell.
Source:
http://www.globalpolitician.com/22568-west
2.6 The European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) in Strasbourg is a cultural
Marxist controlled political entity
The European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) in Strasbourg is an international judicial
body established in 1950 to monitor respect of human rights by states.
This court has however to a larger degree developed into an unrecognizable beast whose
main task is to deconstruct European traditions, culture and identity because it is
considered offensive towards all non-Europeans and especially Muslims. Since we still
want to preserve our culture and heritage I see no other alternative than to reform
(limiting the current mandate considerably, or replace the cultural Marxist judges with
cultural conservative ones) or completely eliminate the court altogether. Until this is done
it should not apply in any way or form. The court rulings and principles are very often
“ordered” by cultural Marxists to either be used against cultural conservatives directly or
to systematically and gradually destroy European culture, traditions, our identities and to
limit the sovereignty of nation states.
One example is the crucifix case in Italy in 2009. They ordered all crosses to be removed
from all public class rooms because the ECtHR had concluded that the cross was an
offensive symbol. But suddenly they meet resistance. An overwhelming majority in Italy
opposed this ruling. Instead, many leaders ordered more crosses to be distributed and
placed on government offices. Not because they had suddenly become more religious but
because the cross is the most important cultural and historical symbol. The cross is
Europe.
What this case and similar cases show is that the ECtHR have become an institution
designed to protect and serve the foundations of European political correctness/cultural
Marxism/multiculturalism. The ECtHR in Strasbourg is therefore a racist and genocidal
political entity that only serves to create and offer ideological justification to given
multicultural doctrines under camouflage of being “humanistic”. It is no more than a tool,
an ideological sledge hammer used by cultural Marxists.
As of now the ECtHR in Strasbourg propagates multiculturalism and the deconstruction of
European cultures and identities. It is therefore an anti-European political hate-entity
that seeks to undermine the very people who created it. The ECtHR in Strasbourg must
be reformed. Until it is, it should be considered as a hostile political entity propagating
cultural Marxism.
2.7 Waiting for Churchill or Godot?
By Fjordman
I once had the pleasure of watching the absurdist theatre play called "Waiting for Godot,"
by Samuel Beckett. Two men called Vladimir and Estragon sit around waiting for a man
named Godot. Mr. Godot never shows up, of course. It is years ago now, but for some
reason, I remembered it recently when watching the political situation in Europe.
During the height of the Muhammad cartoons crisis, Fjordman was among the minority
who thought this was good news for Europe and the West. Although it may sound absurd
to Americans, those rather innocent cartoons may have done more to open the eyes of
Europeans to the Islamic threat than the terror attacks of 9/11, the London and Madrid
bombings combined. People who can burn down embassies because of something so silly
quite simply don't have anything at all in common with us, and cannot function in our
democratic societies. Muslims may have pushed too far, too early, and thus jolted some
life back into even the near-comatose continent of Europe. I see some signs that this
interpretation may have been correct, and that the tide is indeed changing. Recent
opinion polls indicate that there is now a critical mass of ordinary Europeans who no
longer buy the brainwashing about Islam being a peaceful religion.
In Germany, according to a study[1] commissioned by the Frankfurter Allgemeine
Zeitung newspaper, 56 percent of Germans said they believed a "clash of cultures"
already existed. 71 percent said they believed Islam to be "intolerant," some 91 per cent
said they associated Islam with oppression of women. Asked if there should be a ban on
the building of mosques in Germany as long as the building of churches in some Islamic
states is forbidden, 56 per cent agreed. There was even considerable backing for ending
Germany's constitutional right of freedom of religion with regard to Islam. Asked if strict
limits should be imposed on the practice of Islam in Germany to protect the country, 40
per cent said they would support such moves. In the Netherlands[2], 63 per cent of
respondents thought Islam was incompatible with modern European life. Even in Sweden,
the purgatory of Political Correctness, opinion polls have revealed that two out of three
Swedes[3] doubt whether Islam can be combined with[4] Swedish society. Recently, I
have also for the first time seen visible cracks in the wall of censorship on public debate
in Sweden. Change is in the air, all over Europe.
Europeans now gradually start to awaken from the spell of multiculturalism, Political
Correctness and Muslim immigration, but they still don't know how deep the rabbit hole
goes. Most of them still haven't heard of Eurabia, or the fact that the European Union,
including many of their own, entrusted representatives, have actively encouraged
massive Muslim immigration to the continent. Until they do this, it will be more difficult
to bring down the EU, and that is absolutely necessary in my view for Europe to prevail
from this[5]. No, the EU isn't the only problem Europe has, but it is by far the worst, and
we don't have even a theoretical chance of fixing our other problems as long as the EU is
in charge. It needs to be removed completely. The hour is late. Is it too late? Even if it's
not too late, whatever can be done needs to be done soon.
So, what to do next? What are we waiting for? For some decent leader to step forward,
perhaps? Well, where is he, or she? During the appeasement of the late 1930s, Churchill
was already there, ready to step in when called for. The problem is, I just can't see
anyone of his stature now. Tony Blair? Apart from the Iraq war, absolutely everything he
has done related to Islam, both in the UK and abroad, has been wrong. In some ways, he
is a worse appeaser than Chamberlain ever was. I doubt Gordon Brown will be better.
Chirac is a corrupt crook, de Villepain is a pompous, Eurabian clown with a Napoleon
complex, Sarkozy isn't too bad, but not good enough, and France is in too much trouble
of her own to do anything for the rest of Europe. Besides, it was France who created
Eurabia in the first place. Count them out. Spain has forgotten everything of her past and
has Zapatero, an appeasing Socialist weasel, as PM, brought to power by al-Qaeda. Italy
recently ousted their right-wing government in favor of a Leftist, super-Eurocrat, Romano
Prodi, as PM, and Communist ministers who want open doors for Muslims from North
Africa to enter. Which actually leaves Germany's Angela Merkel as the least bad leader
among the larger nations. But Ms. Merkel is no Thatcher, and certainly not a Churchill.
Her support for the awful EU Constitution should be enough to discount her as a potential
leader of a de-Eurabisation of Europe. The only Western European leader in power with
something resembling a spine is Anders Fogh Rasmussen in Denmark, but Denmark is
too small to lead this. I hope we are waiting for a Churchill to step forward, but I
sometimes fear we are waiting for Godot.
We complain about weak leaders, but maybe we keep producing weak leaders because
we, as a people, are weak? And if we finally find a Churchill, will the press rip him apart
for whatever flaw they can find? Could the real Churchill have been elected today, or
would the media eat him alive because of his heavy drinking and replace him with a slick
boy scout? And if a strong leader steps forward, will he have a democratic mindset or will
he have a darker agenda? Churchill certainly understood Islam. In his book "The River
War," written as long ago as 1899, he wrote this about the followers of Muhammad:
"How dreadful are the curses which Mohammedanism lays on its votaries! Besides the
fanatical frenzy, which is as dangerous in a man as hydrophobia in a dog, there is this
fearful fatalistic apathy. The effects are apparent in many countries. Improvident habits,
slovenly systems of agriculture, sluggish methods of commerce, and insecurity of property
exist wherever the followers of the Prophet rule or live. A degraded sensualism deprives
this life of its grace and refinement; the next of its dignity and sanctity. The fact that in
Mohammedan law every woman must belong to some man as his absolute property, either
as a child, a wife, or a concubine, must delay the final extinction of slavery until the faith of
Islam has ceased to be a great power among men. Individual Moslems may show splendid
qualities - but the influence of the religion paralyses the social development of those who
follow it. No stronger retrograde force exists in the world. Far from being moribund,
Mohammedanism is a militant and proselytising faith. It has already spread throughout
Central Africa, raising fearless warriors at every step; and were it not that Christianity is
sheltered in the strong arms of science, the science against which it had vainly struggled,
the civilisation of modern Europe might fall, as fell the civilisation of ancient Rome."
Churchill's speeches were a great inspiration to the British during WW2, but also
promised that "I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears, and sweat." Before the Battle
of Britain, he delivered the immortal line, "We shall defend our island, whatever the cost
may be, we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall
fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender."
How would today's decadent and pleasure-loving Westerners react to a similar speech? I
think Winston would have to re-write it to something along these lines: "We shall defend
our continent, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the ice cream trucks, we shall
fight on the cable TV cars, we shall fight in the Jacuzzis and the spas, we shall fight in
the nail salons; we shall never surrender."
In addition to just plain decadence, there is a widespread ideological feeling in Europe
that nothing is worth fighting for, certainly not through armed struggle. There are no
Great Truths, everything is equal. If we want to understand where the notion of the
futility of war in any situation entered the European mind, we should read the poems of
Wilfred Owen, another Briton with a way of words. Maybe Europe's faith in itself died in
Auschwitz, but it was severely wounded some decades before, in the trenches of the First
World War. It was WW1 that radicalised Europe, triggered the Russian Revolution and the
rise of Soviet Communism, and it was WW1 that filled Germany, including a young
corporal named Adolf Hitler, with a desire for vengeance and much of the ammunition
they needed for their rise to power in the 1930s.
Wilfred Owen was a second lieutenant that participated in the Battle of the Somme and
was later sent to treatment for shell shock. His horrific poems about gas warfare and life
in the trenches have earned him the status as the leading poet of WW1. Wilfred Owen
was killed in action on 4th November 1918, only a week before the end of the war. One
of his most famous poems is "Anthem for Doomed Youth[6]:"
What passing-bells for these who die as cattle?
-Only the monstrous anger of the guns.
Only the stuttering rifles' rapid rattle
Can patter out their hasty orisons.
No mockeries now for them; no prayers nor bells;
Nor any voice of mourning save the choirs,-
The shrill, demented choirs of wailing shells;
And bugles calling for them from sad shires.
What candles may be held to speed them all?
Not in the hands of boys but in their eyes
Shall shine the holy glimmers of good-byes.
The pallor of girls' brows shall be their pall;
Their flowers the tenderness of patient minds,
And each slow dusk a drawing-down of blinds.
I can understand why Wilfred Owen felt that war was futile, rotting away in the trenches
for some cause he didn't even understand. But it isn't true that war is worse than
everything. Sharia is worse than war. I have heard claims that European civilisation will
not survive the century. A century is a very long time, remember that. Would anybody
(except Churchill) in 1906, when Europe really was strong and powerful, have predicted
that Europe would now be in the process of being overpowered by Algerians and
Pakistanis? Things change. They can change for the worse, but they can also change for
the better. If we do get another world war, which appears increasingly likely, this could
finish off what remains of European civilisation for good. But it could also, theoretically,
have the opposite effect, where the shock waves could create a different kind of Europe
from the decadent, nihilistic Europe we see now. A Christian revitalisation, for instance.
Yes, this could happen. Stranger things have happened before. Our ancestors, better
men and women than us, held the line against Islam for more than one thousand years,
sacrificing their blood for the continent. By doing so, they not only preserved the
European heartland and thus Western civilisation itself, but quite possibly the world in
general from unchallenged Islamic dominance. The stakes involved now are not less than
they were then, probably greater.
Some people claim that Europe isn't worth fighting for, and that too many people here
deserve what's coming. Yes, a significant number of them do. Yes, people such as EU
foreign policy chief Javier Solana, with their Swiss bank accounts and their good
relationship with Saudi Arabia and the Arab League, not to mention Valéry Giscard
d'Estaing and his awful EU Constitution that will destroy democracy for half a billion
people, deserve everything we can heap upon them. The problem is that the people who
deserve most to be punished for this are the ones least likely to pay the price. The
creators of Eurabia will be the first to flee the continent when the going gets tough,
leaving those who have hardly heard of Eurabia and never approved of its creation to
fight.
Edmund Burke thought that if a society can be seen as a contract, we must recognise
that most parties to the contract are either dead or not yet born. I like that idea, which
means that when you fight for a country, you don't just fight for the ones that are there
now, but for those who lived there before and for those who will live there in the future.
If we don't want to fight for what Europe is today then let us fight for what it once was,
and maybe, just maybe, for what it may become once more. There was real greatness in
this continent once. It seems a long time ago now, but maybe we can get there again.
European Parliament member Hannu Takkula[7] of Finland has said that never before
had the fate of Israel and Europe been so inter-connected. "The same forces that hate
Israel, also hate Europe," he said, adding that Europe must remain true to its Judeo-
Christian roots by supporting Israel. The heritage of the Europe "was founded on three
cities - Athens, Rome and Jerusalem" - said Takkula. Muslims are openly bragging about
how they will soon conquer Rome, just as the did with Constantinople, the Eastern Rome,
they are putting Jerusalem under siege and they are hijacking the cultural heritage of
Athens by claiming that they "preserved it" and "passed it on" to the West. It's time for
us to reclaim our past and thus reclaim our future.
Fjordman has been accused of being a pessimist. I'm not sure whether I am more
pessimistic than others. There are many people who think Europe is already lost. I
happen to be among the ones who have stated that this is only one of several possible
outcomes. Europe is now at one of those famous crossroads where the course of history
could go either way. Given the weakness of Europe and the rapid expansion of Islam, it
would be foolish to discount the possibility that Muslims could win this. However, I
happen to think that another possibility is that Islam not only will lose the battle for
Europe, but could become destroyed as a global force during this century. Maybe in some
strange way, Europe needs to go through a period of colonisation and de-colonisation
herself, to get rid of her post-colonial guilt complex?
This war by Islam against Europe, the West and indeed mankind has been going on for
more than 1300 years. This is the third major Jihad, the third Islamic attempt to subdue
the heartland of the West. Although I cannot prove this, I have a very strong feeling that
this will also be the last attempt. There will be no fourth Jihad. Either Muslims will win
this time, or Islam itself will be handed a defeat and a blow so powerful that it may never
recover from it. This is perhaps the longest, continuous war in human history. And it's
about to be decided within the coming decades. I'm not sure how all of this will play out.
What I do know is that it could all be decided on my watch, and I don't want to be the
weak link in something my ancestors kept intact for 1300 years.
To quote Churchill: "This is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is,
perhaps, the end of the beginning." Let us hope someone of his stature will soon appear.
He will be needed.
Source:
http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=8B99760A-E931-4EE8-8AC7-EB047E8A67B8
1. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=20665&only
2. http://www.angus-reid.com/polls/index.cfm/fuseaction/viewItem/itemID/12143
3. http://www.faithfreedom.org/oped/Fjordman60527.htm
4. http://www.weekendavisen.dk/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20051028/SAMFUND/510270362
5. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/06/why-eu-needs-to-be-destroyed-and-soon.html
6. http://www.hcu.ox.ac.uk/jtap/warpoems.htm#7
7. http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1145961320675&pagename=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull
The name of the devil: cultural Marxism, multiculturalism,
globalism, feminism, emotionalism, suicidal humanism,
egalitarianism - a recipe for disaster
“Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.”
Robert Frost
2.8 The Failure of Western Feminism
By Fjordman
I have written several essays before on the damaging effects of Western feminism. The
massive wave of violence and especially rapes in Western cities now is a form of warfare
against whites, and it’s about time it is recognised as such. As this post from Gallia
Watch[1] puts it:
As in war, the winners seize the indigenous women all the while protecting their own. The
whole rhetoric that aims to debase the European woman or France (‘I screw France like a
whore’ says rap group Sniper) is a part of the feminisation of Europeans, of the idea that
Europe is a land to be conquered, a habitat open to all forms of pillage. Are not the
notorious ‘gang rapes’ another example of collective violence to European women, just as
Russian soldiers did when they seized German women in a devastated Berlin in 1945. It all
holds together. A tribe that does not protect its women is behaving as if they have already
lost the war. Many of us don’t know this. But our enemies do.
As a Western man, I would be tempted to say that Western women have to some extent
brought this upon themselves. They have been waging an ideological, psychological and
economic war against European men for several generations now, believing that this
would make you “free.” The actual result is that you have less freedom of movement and
security than ever, as a direct result of the immigrant policies supported by you and your
buddies.
In the big scheme of things, the truth is that European men have treated women with
greater respect than the men of almost any other major civilisation on earth. And I don’t
mean just in the modern age, I mean for many centuries. Yet we are the one group of
men who are most demonised and attacked, whereas non-white men get treated with
much greater respect. What white men see from this is that white Western women prefer
men who treat them like crap, and disrespect men who treat them with respect. This isn’t
exactly a smart way to behave if you want to be treated with dignity.
The truth is that any nation is always protected from external aggression by the men.
The women can play a supporting role in this, but never more than that. For all the talk
about “girl power” and “women kicking ass” which you see on movies these days, if the
men of your “tribe” are too weak or demoralised to protect you, you will be enslaved and
crushed by the men from other “tribes” before you can say “Vagina Monologues”. Which
means that if you break down men’s masculinity, their willingness and ability to defend
themselves and their families, you destroy the country. That’s exactly what Western
women have done for the last forty years. So why are you surprised about the results?
As you said, you can’t fool Mother Nature. Well, you have tried to fool her for a long time,
and you are now paying the price for this.
Western women have been subjected to systematic Marxist indoctrination meant to turn
you into a weapon of mass destruction against your own civilisation, a strategy that has
been remarkably successful. Here is a quote from Robert Spencer’s book Religion of
Peace?:
Attacks on Christian history and doctrine are an integral part of a larger effort to instill a
sense of cultural shame in even non-Christian European and American youth — a shame
that militates against their thinking the West is even worth defending. A white American
student, ‘Rachel,’ unwittingly summed up this attitude when she told American Indian
professor Dr. David Yeagley in 2001: ‘Look, Dr. Yeagley, I don’t see anything about my
culture to be proud of. It’s all nothing. My race is just nothing… Look at your culture.
Look at American Indian tradition. Now I think that’s really great. You have something to
be proud of. My culture is nothing.’ Yeagley mused: ‘The Cheyenne people have a saying:
A nation is never conquered until the hearts of its women are on the ground…When
Rachel denounced her people, she did it with the serene self-confidence of a High
Priestess reciting a liturgy. She said it without fear of criticism or censure. And she
received none. The other students listened in silence, their eyes moving timidly back and
forth between me and Rachel, as if unsure which of us constituted a higher authority…
Who had conquered Rachel’s people? What had led her to disrespect them? Why did she
behave like a woman of a defeated tribe?’
Let me add a quote from the book The Suicide of Reason: Radical Islam's Threat to the
West, by Lee Harris:
"Muslims are doing everything in their power to encourage their alpha boys to be tough,
aggressive, and ruthless. We teach our boys to be good students, to aim at getting good
jobs with large, safe corporations, to plan prudently for their retirement. They want their
boys to become holy warriors. We are proud if our sons get into a good college; they are
proud if their sons die as martyrs. To rid your society of high-testosterone alpha males may
bring peace and quiet; but if you have an enemy that is building up an army of alpha boys
trained to hate you fanatically and who have vowed to destroy you, you will be committing
suicide. It may take years or decades before you realise what you have done, but by that
time it will be far too late to reverse your course. The end of testosterone in the West alone
will not culminate in the end of history, but it may well culminate in the end of the West."
Sources:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/08/failure-of-western-feminism.html
1. http://galliawatch.blogspot.com/2008/08/endangered-species.html
2.9 How the Feminists’ “War against Boys” Paved the Way for Islam
By Fjordman
Some commentators like to point out that many of the most passionate and bravest
defenders of the West are women, citing Italian writer Oriana Fallaci[1] and others[2] as
examples. But women like Ms. Fallaci, brave as they might be, are not representative of
Western women. If you look closely, you will notice that, on average, Western women are
actually more supportive of multiculturalism and massive immigration than are Western
men.
I got many comments[3] on my posts about Muslim anti-female violence in Scandinavia.
Several of my readers asked what Scandinavian men are doing about this. What
happened to those Vikings, anyway? Did they drink too much mead in Valhalla? Despite
the romantic mystique surrounding them today, the Vikings were for the most part
savage barbarians. However, I doubt they would have looked the other way while their
daughters were harassed by Muslims. In some ways, this makes present-day
Scandinavians worse barbarians than the Vikings ever were.
One of the reasons for this lack of response is a deliberate and pervasive censorship in
the mainstream media, to conceal the full scale of the problem from the general public.
However, I suspect that the most important reason has to do with the extreme anti-
masculine strand of feminism that has permeated Scandinavia for decades. The male
protective instinct doesn’t take action because Scandinavian women have worked
tirelessly to eradicate it, together with everything else that smacks of traditional
masculinity. Because of this, feminism has greatly weakened Scandinavia, and perhaps
Western civilisation as whole.
The only major political party in Norway that has voiced any serious opposition to the
madness of Muslim immigration is the rightwing Progress Party. This is a party which
receives about two thirds or even 70% male votes. At the opposite end of the scale we
have the Socialist Left party, with two thirds or 70% female votes. The parties most
critical of the current immigration are typically male parties, while those who praise the
Multicultural society are dominated by feminists. And across the Atlantic, if only American
women voted, the US President during 9/11 would be called Al Gore, not George Bush.
The standard explanation in my country for this gender gap in voting patterns is that
men are more “xenophobic and selfish” than women, who are more open-minded and
possess a greater ability to show solidarity with outsiders. That’s one possibility. Another
one is that men traditionally have had the responsibility for protecting the “tribe” and
spotting an enemy, a necessity in a dog-eat-dog world. Women are more naïve, and less
willing to rationally think through the long-term consequences of avoiding confrontation
or dealing with unpleasant realities now.
Didn’t feminists always claim that the world would be a better place with women in the
driver’s seat, because they wouldn’t sacrifice their own children? Well, isn’t that exactly
what they are doing now? Smiling and voting for parties that keep the doors open to
Muslim immigration, the same Muslims who will be attacking their children tomorrow?
Another possibility is that Western feminists fail to confront Muslim immigration for
ideological reasons. Many of them are silent on Islamic oppression of women because
they have also embraced “Third-Worldism” and anti-Western sentiments. I see some
evidence in support of this thesis.
American writer Phyllis Chesler has sharply criticised her sisters in books such as The
Death of Feminism. She feels that too many feminists have abandoned their commitment
to freedom and “become cowardly herd animals and grim totalitarian thinkers,” thus
failing to confront Islamic terrorism. She paints a portrait of current U.S. University
campuses as steeped in “a new and diabolical McCarthyism” spearheaded by leftist
rhetoric.
Chesler has a point. Judging from the rhetoric of many feminists, all the oppression in
the world comes from Western men, who are oppressing both women and non-Western
men. Muslim immigrants are “fellow victims” of this bias. At best, they may be
patriarchal pigs, but no worse than Western men. Many Western universities have
courses filled with hate against men that would be unthinkable the other way around.
That’s why Scandinavian feminists don’t call for Scandinavian men to show a more
traditional masculinity and protect them against aggression from Muslim men. Most
Norwegian feminists are also passionate anti-racists who will oppose any steps to limit
Muslim immigration as “racism and xenophobia.”
Totalitarian feminists in Norway are threatening to shut down private companies that
refuse to recruit at least 40 percent women to their boards[4] by 2007, a Soviet-style
regulation of the economy in the name of gender equality. I have read comments from
Socialist politicians and leftist commentators in certain newspapers, such as the pro-
Multicultural and feminist — critics would say Female Supremacist — newspaper
Dagbladet, arguing that we should have quotas for Muslim immigrants, too.
What started out as radical feminism has thus gradually become egalitarianism, the fight
against “discrimination” of any kind, the idea that all groups of people should have an
equal share of everything and that it is the state’s responsibility to ensure that this takes
place. A prime example of this is Norway’s Ombud for Gender Equality, which in 2006
became The Equality and Anti-discrimination Ombud[5]. The Ombud’s duties are “to
promote equality and combat discrimination on the basis of gender, ethnic origin, sexual
orientation, disability and age.”
Western feminists have cultivated a culture of victimhood in the West, where you gain
political power through your status in the victim hierarchy. In many ways, this is what
Political Correctness is all about. They have also demanded, and largely got, a re-writing
of the history books to address an alleged historic bias; their world view has entered the
school curriculum, gained a virtual hegemony in the media and managed to portray their
critics as “bigots.” They have even succeeded in changing the very language we use, to
make it less offensive. Radical feminists are the vanguard of PC.
When Muslims, who above all else like to present themselves as victims, enter Western
nations, they find that much of their work has already been done for them. They can use
a pre-established tradition of claiming to be victims, demanding state intervention and
maybe quotas to address this, as well as a complete re-writing of history and public
campaigns against bigotry and hate speech. Western feminists have thus paved the way
for the forces that will dismantle Western feminism, and end up in bed, sometimes quite
literally, with the people who want to enslave them.
Swedish Marxist politician Gudrun Schyman has suggested a bill[6] that would
collectively tax Swedish men for violence against women. In a 2002 speech, the same
Schyman famously posited that Swedish men were just like the Taliban. A male columnist
in newspaper Aftonbladet responded by saying that Schyman was right[7]: All men are
like the Taliban.
The irony is that in an Islamic state similar to the one the Taliban established in
Afghanistan, certain groups of people, in this case non-Muslims, pay a special
punishment tax simply because of who they are, not because of what they earn. Radical
feminists such as Ms. Schyman are thus closer to the Taliban than Western men,
although I’m pretty sure that irony would be completely missed on them.
Schyman’s battle cry is “Death to the nuclear family!” I have heard the same slogan
repeated by young Norwegian feminists in recent years. Schyman seethed that today’s
family unit is “built on a foundation of traditional gender roles in which women are
subordinate to men. The hierarchy of gender, for which violence against women is the
ultimate expression, has been cemented.” “Conservatives want to strengthen the family. I
find this of grave concern.”
In the year 2000, Swedish feminist Joanna Rytel and the action group Unf**ked Pussy
entered the stage during the live broadcast of the Miss Sweden contest. She also wrote
an article called “I Will Never Give Birth to a White Man[8],” for a major Swedish daily,
Aftonbladet, in 2004. Rytel explained why she hates white men — they are selfish,
exploitative, vain, and sex-crazed — and just to make things clear, she added, “no white
men, please… I just puke on them, thank you very much.”
Misandry, the hatred of men, isn’t necessarily less prevalent than misogyny, the hatred of
women. The difference is that the former is much more socially acceptable.
If all oppression comes from Western men, it becomes logical to try weakening them as
much as possible. If you do, a paradise of peace and equality awaits us at the other side
of the rainbow. Well congratulations to Western European women. You’ve succeeded in
harassing and ridiculing your own sons into suppressing many of their masculine
instincts. To your surprise, you didn’t enter a feminist Nirvana, but paved the way for an
unfolding Islamic hell.
It is correct, as feminists claim, that a hyper-feminine society is not as destructive as a
hyper-masculine society. The catch with a too soft society is that it is unsustainable. It
will get squashed as soon as it is confronted by more traditional, aggressive ones.
Instead of “having it all,” Western women risk losing everything. What are liberal
feminists going to do when faced with aggressive gang of Muslim youngsters? Burn their
bras and throw the pocket edition of the Vagina Monologues at them?
Perhaps women can succeed in turning their men into doormats, but it will be on the cost
of doing so to their nation and to their civilisation as well. According to Italian American
feminist Camille Paglia, “If civilisation had been left in female hands, we would still be
living in grass huts.” That may be an exaggeration, but male energy is definitely a driving
force in any dynamic culture.
Muslim anti-female violence in the West is a symptom of the breakdown of the feminist
Utopia. Freedoms need to be enforced by violence or the credible threat of violence, or
they are meaningless. Even though women can take steps to protect themselves, the
primary responsibility for protection will probably always belong to men. Women will thus
only have as much freedom as their men are willing and capable of guaranteeing them. It
is a major flaw in many feminist theories that they fail to acknowledge this.
The difference between women’s rights and women’s illusions is defined by a Smith and
Wesson, not by a Betty Friedan or a Virginia Wolf.
Writer Lars Hedegaard in Denmark does not buy into the theory that women approve of
Muslim immigration out of irrational naivety or ideological conviction. He thinks they
simply want it, as he writes in a column entitled “The dream of submission.” He does
notice, as I do, that women are more likely than men to support parties that are open for
more Muslim immigration.
Why is this, considering that there is hardly a single Muslim majority area in the world
where women enjoy the same rights as men? And Hedegaard asks a provocative
question: Are women more stupid and less enlightened than men, since they in such
great numbers are paving the way for their own submission? He comes up with an
equally provocative answer: “When women are paving the way for sharia, this is
presumably because women want sharia.” They don’t want freedom because they feel
attracted to subservience and subjugation.
The English author Fay Weldon has noted that “For women, there is something sexually
very alluring about submission.” And as Hedegaard dryly notes, if submission is what
many women seek, the feminised Danish men are boring compared to desert sheikhs
who won’t allow you to go outside without permission. Muslims like to point out that
there are more women than men in the West who convert to Islam, and this is in fact
partly true. Islam means “submission.” Is there something about submission that is more
appealing to some women than it is to most men? Do women yield more easily to power?
In a newspaper article about Swedish women converting to Islam[9], the attraction of
the Islamic family life seems to be a common feature among women converts. Several of
them state that in Islam, the man is more rational and logical, while the woman is more
emotional and caring. This means that the woman should be the one to take care of the
children and do the housekeeping, while the man should be the one to work and provide
for the family. Many of the women feel that their lives lack a sense of purpose, but
Christianity does not seem like a relevant alternative to them.
The fixation with looks in our modern society and the tougher living conditions for
women, who are supposed to both have a career and do the housekeeping, play a part,
too. Which is curious, considering the fact that it was women themselves, encouraged by
modern talk show hostesses such as Oprah Winfrey, who talked about “having it all”; it
wasn’t the men. Men know that nobody can “have it all,” you have to give up something
to get something. Maybe women have discovered that working life wasn’t all that it was
cracked up to be? Men do, after all, universally die years before women all over the
world.
The plot of novelist Dan Brown’s Da Vinci Code is that the modern history of Christianity
was a big, patriarchal plot to deprive women of the rights they supposedly enjoyed
before this, during the age of “the sacred feminine” and the fertility goddesses who were
always barefoot and pregnant. But if that’s the case, why is it that women make up the
majority of Europe’s churchgoers? Why do women, out of their own free will, seek out
these oppressive, patriarchal religions? Maybe French philosopher Ernest Renan was onto
something when he called women “the devout sex.” Do women need religion more than
men?
Are some feminists simply testing out men’s limits in the hope of finding some new
balance between the sexes, or are they testing men to find our which men are strong
enough to stand up to their demands, and thus which men can stand up to other men on
their behalf? I heard one woman who was an ardent feminist in the 1970s later lament
how many families they broke up and destroyed. She was surprised at the reaction, or
lack of reaction, from men: “We were horrible. Why didn’t you stop us?”
In psychiatry, female patients are seen more frequently with self-inflicted wounds or self-
destructive behaviour than men, who tend to direct their aggression outwards. It is also
a well-known fact that many women blame themselves for abusive husbands, and make
excuses for their abusers’ behaviour. Has the West adopted some of the negative traits of
the female psyche? The newly feminised West gets attacked and assaulted by the Arab
and Islamic world, and continues to blame itself, while at the same time be fascinated by
its abusers. It is thus behaving in the same way as a self-loathing woman towards an
abusive man.
Virginia Woolf in her book A Room of One’s Own praises the genius of William
Shakespeare[10]: “If ever a human being got his work expressed completely, it was
Shakespeare. If ever a mind was incandescent, unimpeded, I thought, turning again to
the bookcase, it was Shakespeare’s mind.” “Let me imagine, since facts are so hard to
come by, what would have happened had Shakespeare had a wonderfully gifted sister,
called Judith, let us say.” “His extraordinarily gifted sister, let us suppose, remained at
home. She was as adventurous, as imaginative, as agog to see the world as he was. But
she was not sent to school. She had no chance of learning grammar and logic, let alone
of reading Horace and Virgil.” She “killed herself one winter’s night and lies buried at
some cross–roads where the omnibuses now stop outside the Elephant and Castle.”
Feminists claim that the reason why women haven’t been as numerous in politics and
science as men is due to male oppression of women. Some of this is true. But it is not
the whole story. Being male means having to prove something, to achieve something, in
a greater way than it does for women. In addition to this, the responsibility for child
rearing will always fall more heavily on women than on men. A modern society may
lessen these restraints, but it will never remove them completely. For these practical
reasons, it is unlikely that women will ever be as numerous as men in politics or in the
highest level in business.
Christina Hoff Sommers, the author of The War Against Boys, points out that[11] “after
almost 40 years of feminist agitation and gender-neutral pronouns, it is still men who are
far more likely than women to run for political office, start companies, file for patents,
and blow things up. Men continue to tell most of the jokes and write the vast majority of
editorials and letters to editors. And — fatal to the dreams of feminists who long for
social androgyny — men have hardly budged from their unwillingness to do an equal
share of housework or childcare. Moreover, women seem to like manly men.”
She also notes that “One of the least visited memorials in Washington is a waterfront
statue commemorating the men who died on the Titanic. Seventy-four percent of the
women passengers survived the April 15, 1912, calamity, while 80 percent of the men
perished. Why? Because the men followed the principle ‘women and children first.’ “The
monument, an 18-foot granite male figure with arms outstretched to the side, was
erected by ‘the women of America’ in 1931 to show their gratitude. The inscription reads:
“To the brave men who perished in the wreck of the Titanic. [...] They gave their lives
that women and children might be saved.”
Simone de Beauvoir famously said, “One is not born, but becomes a woman.” She meant
that they should reject all the inducements of nature, society, and conventional morality.
Beauvoir condemned marriage and family as a “tragedy” for women, and compared
childbearing and nurturing to slavery.
Strangely enough, after decades of feminism, many Western women are now lamenting
the fact that Western men hesitate to get married. Here is columnist Molly Watson[12]:
We’re also pretty clued up about why our generation is delaying having children — and it
has nothing to do with being failed by employers or health planners. Nor, despite endless
newspaper features on the subject, does it have much to do with business women putting
careers before babies. In my experience, the root cause of the epidemic lies with a
collective failure of nerve among men our age. […] I don’t know a woman of my age whose
version of living happily ever after fundamentally hinges on becoming editor, or senior
partner, or surgeon, or leading counsel. But faced with a generation of emotionally
immature men who seem to view marriage as the last thing they’ll do before they die, we
have little option but to wait.
What happened to the slogan “A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle”? I’d just
like to remind Ms. Watson that it was in fact the women who started this whole “single is
best” culture that now permeates much of the West. Since women initiate most divorces
and a divorce can potentially mean financial ruin for a man, it shouldn’t really be too
surprising that many men hesitate to get involved at all. As one man put it: “I don’t think
I’ll get married again. I’ll just find a woman I don’t like and give her a house.” At the
same time, women during the past few decades have made it a lot easier to have a
girlfriend without getting married. So women make it riskier to get married and easier to
stay unmarried, and then they wonder why men “won’t commit?” Maybe too many
women didn’t think all this feminism stuff quite through before jumping on the
bandwagon?
The latest wave of radical feminism has severely wounded the family structure of the
Western world. It is impossible to raise the birth rates to replacement level before women
are valued for raising children, and before men and women are willing to marry in the
first place. Human beings are social creatures, not solitary ones. We are created to live
with partners. Marriage is not a “conspiracy to oppress women”, it’s the reason why we’re
here. And it’s not a religious thing, either. According to strict, atheist Darwinism, the
purpose of life is to reproduce.
A study from the United States[13] identified the main barriers to men tying the knot.
Heading the list was their ability to get sex without marriage more easily than in the
past. The second was that they can enjoy the benefits of having a wife by cohabiting
rather than marrying. The report lends weight to remarks by Ross Cameron, the
parliamentary secretary to the Minister for Family and Community Services, who chided
Australian men, blaming Australia’s looming fertility crisis on men’s commitment phobia.
“The principal reason young women say they don’t get around to having children is they
can’t find a bloke they like who is willing to commit,” he said. “This commitment aversion
in the Australian male is a real problem.”
Barbara Boyle Torrey and Nicholas Eberstadt write about[14] a significant divergence in
fertility between Canada and the U.S.: “The levels of Canadian and American long-term
trends in age of first marriage, first births, and common-law unions are consistent with
the divergence in total fertility rates in the two countries. But the divergence in none of
these proximate variables is large enough to explain the much larger divergence in
fertility.” “Changing values in the U.S. and Canada may be contributing to the fertility
divergence. The stronger notional role of men in U.S. families and the greater religiosity
of Americans are positively associated with fertility, and the latter is also a strong
predictor of negative attitudes toward abortion. Women in Canada enter common-law
unions more often, wait longer than American women to marry, and have children later
and less often.”
In Europe, Newsweek writes about[15] how packs of wolves are now making a comeback
in regions of Central Europe: “A hundred years ago, a burgeoning, land-hungry
population killed off the last of Germany’s wolves.” “Our postcard view of Europe, after
all, is of a continent where every scrap of land has long been farmed, fenced off and
settled. But the continent of the future may look rather different. “Big parts of Europe will
renaturalise,” says Reiner Klingholz, head of the Berlin Institute for Population
Development. Bears are back in Austria. In Swiss alpine valleys, farms have been
receding and forests are growing back in. In parts of France and Germany, wildcats and
ospreys have re-established their range.”
“In Italy, more than 60 percent of the country’s 2.6 million farmers are at least 65 years
old. Once they die out, many of their farms will join the 6 million hectares (one third of
Italian farmland) that has already been abandoned.” “With the EU alone needing about
1.6 million immigrants a year above its current level to keep the working-age population
stable between now and 2050, a much more likely source of migrants would be Europe’s
Muslim neighbours, whose young populations are set to almost double in that same
time.”
It is numbers like these that have induced Phillip Longman to foresee “the Return of
Patriarchy[16]” and proclaim that “conservatives will inherit the Earth:”
“Among states that voted for President George W. Bush in 2004, fertility rates are 12
percent higher than in states that voted for Sen. John Kerry.” “It turns out that
Europeans who are most likely to identify themselves as “world citizens” are also those
least likely to have children.” “The great difference in fertility rates between secular
individualists and religious or cultural conservatives augurs a vast, demographically
driven change in modern societies.” “Tomorrow’s children, therefore, will be for the most
part descendants of a comparatively narrow and culturally conservative segment of
society.”
“In addition to the greater fertility of conservative segments of society, the rollback of the
welfare state forced by population aging and decline will give these elements an
additional survival advantage.” “People will find that they need more children to insure
their golden years, and they will seek to bind their children to them through inculcating
traditional religious values.”
This last point is worth dwelling with. The elaborate welfare state model in Western
Europe is frequently labelled as “the nanny state,” but perhaps it could also be named
“the husband state.” Why? Well, in a traditional society, the role of men and husbands is
to physically protect and financially provide for their women. In our modern society, part
of this task has simply been “outsourced” to the state, which helps explain why women in
general give a disproportionate support to high taxation and pro-welfare state parties.
The state has simply become a substitute husband, upheld by taxation of their ex-
husbands.
It should be mentioned that if this welfare state should for some reason cease to
function[17], for instance due to economic and security pressures caused by Muslim
immigration, Western women will suddenly discover that they are not quite as
independent from men as they like to think. In this case, it is conceivable that we will se
a return to the modern traditional “provide and protect” masculinity, as people, and
women in particular, will need the support of the nuclear and extended family to manage.
Another issue is that although countries such as Norway and Sweden like to portray
themselves as havens of gender equality, I have heard visitors to these countries
comment that the sexes are probably further apart here than anywhere else in the world.
And I readily believe that. Radical feminism has bred suspicion and hostility, not
cooperation. And what’s more, it has no in any way eradicated the basic sexual attraction
between feminine women and masculine men. If people do not find this in their own
country, they travel to another country or culture to find it, which in our age of
globalisation is easier than ever. A striking number of Scandinavian men find their wives
in East Asia, Latin America or other nations with a more traditional view of femininity,
and a number of women find partners from more conservative countries, too. Not
everyone, of course, but the trend is unmistakable and significant. Scandinavians
celebrate “gender equality,” and travel to the other side of the world to find somebody
actually worth marrying.
To sum it up, it must be said that radical feminism has been one of the most important
causes of the current weakness of Western civilisation, both culturally and
demographically. Feminists, often with a Marxist world view, have been a crucial
component in establishing the suffocating public censorship of Political Correctness in
Western nations. They have also severely weakened the Western family structure, and
contributed to making the West too soft and self-loathing to deal with aggression from
Muslims.
Although feminism may have strayed away into extremism, that does not mean that all
of its ideas are wrong. The women’s movement will make lasting changes. Women have
occupied positions considered unthinkable only a few decades ago. Some things are
irreversible.
Women pretty much run men’s private lives. Marriage used to be a trade: Female
nurturing and support for male financial and social security. In a modern world, women
may not need men’s financial support quite as much as they did before, while men need
women’s emotional support just as much as we have always done. The balance of power
has changed in favor of women, although this situation may not last forever. This does
not have to be bad. Women still want a partner. But it requires men to be more focused
on doing their best.
A study by scientists at the University of Copenhagen concludes that divorce is closely
linked to poor health, especially among men[18]. The research indicates that the death
rate for single or divorced males aged 40-50 is twice as high as for other groups. The
research has taken into account whether there are other factors that could lead to an
early death — such as a mental illness and having grown up under poor social conditions.
“Considering the high amount of children growing up in broken homes we do believe that
the study is very relevant. “It proves that divorce can have a serious consequence,” and
that we may need a prevention strategy. John Aasted Halse, psychologist and author of
numerous books about divorce, agrees.
The apparent contradiction between female dominance on the micro level and male
dominance on the macro level cannot be easily explained within the context of a
“weaker/stronger sex”. I will postulate that being male first of all is some kind of nervous
energy, something you need to prove. This will have both positive and negative results.
Male numerical dominance in science and politics, as well as in crime and war, is linked to
this. Women do not have this urge to prove themselves as much as men do. In some
ways, this is a strength. Hence I think the terms “The Restless Sex” for men and “The
Self-Contained Sex” for women are more appropriate and explain the differences better.
Daniel Pipes keeps saying that the answer to radical Islam is moderate Islam. There may
not be any such thing as a moderate Islam, but there just might be a moderate
feminism, and a mature masculinity to match it. In the book Manliness, Harvey C.
Mansfield offers what he calls a modest defence of manliness. As he says, “Manliness,
however, seems to be about fifty-fifty good and bad.” Manliness can be noble and heroic,
like the men on the Titanic who sacrificed their lives for “women and children first,” but it
can also be foolish, stubborn, and violent. Many men will find it offensive to hear that
Islamic violence and honour killings have anything to do with masculinity, but it does.
Islam is a compressed version of all the darkest aspects of masculinity. We should reject
it. Men, too, lose their freedom to think and say what they want in Islam, not just
women.
However, even a moderate version of feminism could prove lethal to Islam. Islam
survives on the extreme subjugation of women. Deprived of this, it will suffocate and die.
It is true that the West still hasn’t found the formula for the perfect balance between men
and women in the 21st century, but at least we are working on the issue. Islam is stuck
in the 7th century. Some men lament the loss of a sense of masculinity in a modern
world. Perhaps a meaningful one could be to make sure that our sisters and daughters
grow up in a world where they have the right to education and a free life, and protect
them against Islamic barbarism. It’s going to be needed.
Sources:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1300
1. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1174
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/840, http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1105
3. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/04/confessions-of-ex-feminist.html
4. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/12/gender-quota-set-for-company-boards-of.html
5. http://www.ldo.no/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=33&Itemid=46
6. http://www.spectator.se/stambord/index.php?p=240
7. http://www.aftonbladet.se/vss/nyheter/story/0,2789,135732,00.html
8. http://www.aftonbladet.se/vss/debatt/story/0,2789,461311,00.html
9. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=20593&only
10. http://etext.library.adelaide.edu.au/w/woolf/virginia/w91r/chapter3.html
11. http://www.weeklystandard.com/Utilities/printer_preview.asp?idArticle=12041&R=EBF131C9C
12. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/10/trouble-with-men-or-with-women.html
13. http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2002/06/26/1023864608383.html?oneclick=true
14. http://www.policyreview.org/aug05/torrey.html
14. http://52.087.5.054plusf94:PBmluvt813218971489КФ
15. http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/8359066/site/newsweek/
16. http://www.keepmedia.com/pubs/ForeignPolicy/2006/03/01/1332578
17. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1234
18. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/95907.html
2.10 Feminism Leads to the Oppression of Women
Fjordman
According to Heather MacDonald[1], the feminist takeover of Harvard is imminent. The
university is about to name as its new president radical feminist Drew Gilpin Faust,
following Lawrence Summers’s all-too-brief reign. Summers’s recklessly honest
speculations about women in science strengthened the feminist hold on faculty hiring and
promotions. The Task Force won a $50 million commitment to increase faculty “diversity
efforts” at Harvard.
As University President, Lawrence Summers in 2005 gave a speech[2] where he dared to
suggest that innate differences between men and women could explain why men hold
more seats as top scientists than women. This is a plausible thesis. According to Dr Paul
Irwing[3]
at Manchester University, there are twice as many men with an IQ of 120-plus as there
are women, and 30 times as many with an IQ of 170-plus. There are other studies that
indicate similar, disproportionate numbers of men among those with extremely high
intelligence.
Besides, even though Summers may have been wrong, it is dangerous to embark on a
road where important issues are not debated at all. One of the hallmarks of Western
civilisation has been our thirst for asking questions about everything. Political Correctness
is thus anti-Western both in its form and in its intent. It should be noted that in this case,
feminists formed the vanguard of PC[4], the same ideology that has blinded our
universities to the Islamic threat.
It makes it even worse when we know that other feminists in academia assert that the
veil, or even the burka, represents “an alternative feminism.” Dr. Wairimu Njambi is an
Assistant Professor of “Women’s Studies” at the Florida Atlantic University. Much of her
scholarship is dedicated to advancing the notion that the cruel practice of female genital
mutilation (FGM) is actually a triumph for Feminism and that it is hateful to suggest
otherwise. According to Njambi “anti-FGM discourse perpetuates a colonialist assumption
by universalising a particular western image of a ‘normal’ body and sexuality.”
Harvard university recently received a $20 million donation[5] from Prince Al-Waleed bin
Talal bin Abdul Aziz Al-Saud, a member of the Saudi Royal Family, to finance Islamic
studies. This will no doubt be used to influence the curriculum to make it friendlier and
less “Islamophobic.” Senior Western institutions for higher education such as Harvard are
thus simultaneously serving as outlets for Saudi Islamic propaganda and for left-wing
radical feminists. This may on the surface look like quite a paradox, but in different ways
both groups discredit traditional Western culture by highlighting its “history of oppression
and injustice,” and they both stifle ideological dissent and suppress criticism of their holy
doctrines. Perhaps feminists failed to listen to fellow Harvard Professor Charles Fried, who
has warned[6] that “The greatest enemy of liberty has always been some vision of the
good.”
Feminism has hurt us by encouraging public accept for intellectual hypocrisy, which later
paved the way for Islamic infiltration. The official mantra is that men and women are not
just equal but identical, but at the same time that women are also somehow superior.
Both of these claims cannot, logically speaking, be true at the same time, yet both are
being made simultaneously. This gross double standard closely mirrors that of
multiculturalism, where all cultures are equal but Western culture is inferior and evil.
This is a technique labelled Repressive Tolerance by the cultural Marxist Herbert Marcuse
in 1965. Briefly speaking, those who are deemed to belong to “dominant” groups of
society should have their freedom of speech suppressed by progressives and radicals,
and simply be denied access to discussion forums, in order to rectify the “institutional
oppression” in society. Marcuse’s ideas[7] had a huge impact in the 1960s and 70s. He
also advocated free sex without any constraints as a method of freeing people from
religious morality.
Prof. Bernard Lewis warned[8] in The Jerusalem Post that Islam could soon be the
dominant force in a Europe “Europeans are losing their own self-confidence,” he said.
“They have no respect for their own culture” and have “surrendered” on every issue with
regard to Islam in a mood of “self-abasement and political correctness.” Although Mr.
Lewis did not say so, this is to a significant extent the result of decades of demonisation
by left-wing academics, including radical feminists. The goal of radical feminism was
never about equality between the sexes, it was about the destruction of the nuclear
family and of the power structures of society in general.
As Ellen Willis, self-proclaimed democratic socialist and founder of Redstockings, a radical
feminist group from 1969, stated[9] to left-wing The Nation in 1981: “Feminism is not
just an issue or a group of issues, it is the cutting edge of a revolution in cultural and
moral values. [...] The objective of every feminist reform, from legal abortion [...] to
child-care programs, is to undermine traditional family values.” Feminist icon Simone de
Beauvoir stated[10] that “no woman should be authorised to stay at home to raise her
children […] because if there is such a choice, too many women will make that one.”
Well, after two generations of Second Wave Feminism, Ms. Willis and Ms. Beauvoir have
had their way: The West has skyrocketing divorce rates and plummeting birth rates,
leading to a cultural and demographic vacuum that makes us vulnerable to a take-over
by… Islam. And feminists still aren't satisfied.
Toy researcher Anders Nelson at Sweden’s Royal Institute of Technology has warned[11]
that toys have become increasingly gender-segregated over the past fifteen years:
“People often explain [their toy purchases] by saying that boys and girls want different
things. But in order for children to be able to reflect on [the toys] they receive, adults
have to open their eyes to [inherent gender] structures. To children, these [gender] roles
are more unquestioned and instinctual.” Mr. Nelson encouraged parents to give more
gender neutral Christmas presents. In other words, no Barbie dolls for girls and no cars
for boys. This is the result of a culture destroyed by Political Correctness.
Swedish Marxist politician Gudrun Schyman has suggested[12] a bill that would
collectively tax Swedish men for violence against women. In a 2002 speech, the same
Schyman famously posited that Swedish men were just like the Islamic Taliban regime in
Afghanistan. A male columnist in national newspaper Aftonbladet responded by saying
that Schyman was right: All men are like the Taliban.
Misandry, the hatred of men, isn’t necessarily less prevalent than misogyny, the hatred of
women. The difference is that the former is much more socially acceptable.
When young politician Kjetil Vevle showed up for a meeting[13] planning the
demonstrations at that year’s protests at the International Women’s Day on 8 March in
the city of Bergen, Norway, he was told that men didn’t have voting rights at the meeting
even though they were passionate feminists. The leaders didn’t think there was any
cause for complaints, as the men had generously been awarded the right to voice their
opinion, just not the right to make decisions.
Although countries such as Norway and Sweden like to portray themselves as havens of
gender equality[14], I have heard visitors comment that the sexes are probably further
apart here than anywhere else in the world. Radical feminism has bred suspicion and
hostility, not cooperation. And it has no in any way eradicated the basic sexual attraction
between feminine women and masculine men. If people do not find this in their own
country, they travel to another country to find it, which is now easier than ever. A striking
number of Scandinavian men find their wives in East Asia, Latin America or other nations
with a more traditional view of femininity, and a number of women find partners from
more conservative countries, too. Not everyone, of course, but the trend is unmistakable.
Scandinavians celebrate “gender equality” and travel to the other side of the world to find
somebody actually worth marrying.
Norway and Sweden are countries with extremely high divorce rates. Boys grow up in an
atmosphere where masculinity is demonised, attend a school system where they are
viewed as deficient girls and are told by the media that men are obsolete and will soon
be rendered extinct anyway.
A feminist culture will eventually end up being squashed, because the men have either
become too demoralised and weakened to protect their women, or because they have
become so fed-up with incessant ridicule that they just don't care anymore. If Western
men are pigs and “just like the Taliban” no matter what we do, why bother? Western
women will then be squashed by more aggressive men from other cultures, which is
exactly what is happening[15] in Western Europe now. The irony is that when women
launched the Second Wave of Feminism in the 1960s and 70s, they were reasonably safe
and, in my view, not very oppressed. When the long-term effects of feminism finally set
in, Western women may very well end up being genuinely oppressed under the boot of
Islam. Radical feminism thus leads to oppression of women.
I wonder whether Virginia Wolf saw this coming. Maybe if she were alive today, she
would hail the Islamic veil as an “alternative road to feminism” and write a book called A
Burka of One’s Own. With some luck, it might even have earned her a Diversity
Scholarship at Harvard.
Sources:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1908
1. http://www.city-journal.org/html/eon2007-02-09hm.html
2. http://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcontent/dws/dn/opinion/points/stories/040305dnediallen.35261.html
3. http://education.independent.co.uk/higher/article2024763.ece
4. http://www.globalpolitician.com/node/1300
5. http://www.globalpolitician.com/node/1282
6. http://www.news.harvard.edu/gazette/2006/12.07/11-fried.html
7. http://www.globalpolitician.com/node/975
8. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/015022.php
9. http://www.grecoreport.com/gramsci_a_method_to_the_madness.htm
10. http://www.reason.com/news/show/33291.html
11. http://www.spectator.se/stambord/index.php?p=412
12. http://www.spectator.se/stambord/index.php?p=240
13. http://hablog.motime.com/post/642151/Kj%C3%B8nnskampen+krever+nye+ofre
14. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/09/western-feminism-and-need-for.html
15. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/12/immigrant-rape-wave-in-sweden.html
2.11 What is the Cause of Low Birth Rates?
By Fjordman
What causes low birth rates? I have debated this issue at some length with blogger
“Conservative Swede”. Among the reasons frequently cited are the welfare state,
feminism and secularism. However, if you look closely at the statistics from various
countries, the picture gets quite complex, and there doesn’t appear to be an automatic
correlation between low birth rates and any one of these factors.
The United States has the highest birth rates in the West, but this is largely due to ethnic
minorities. If you compare white Americans to white Europeans, the American birth rate
is somewhat higher than those of the Scandinavian nanny states, but still lower than
replacement level. Scandinavian countries such as Norway and Sweden do have
elaborate welfare states, high degrees of feminism and are not very religious, yet have
some of the highest birth rates in the Western world (though still below replacement
level.) They are certainly much higher than those in Catholic Poland, perhaps the most
conservative religious country in Europe. And they are much higher than those of South
Korea, which has more traditional sex roles and where Christianity is booming these
days.
The gap between the Western world and the Islamic world[1] in birth rates is clearly
caused by religious factors, but the differences between industrialised nations are far
more difficult to explain. If the cause is not welfarism, feminism or secularism, then what
is it?
Making mums: Can we feed the need to breed? Canada has a baby deficit. Will
paying women to have more kids help?[2]
How strange, then, that just as the mummy industry is booming, we’re in the grips of a
baby bust. Canada’s fertility rate has been in a free fall for decades. In recent years,
though, it has hovered at an all-time low of roughly 1.5 children per woman (we need 2.1 if
we’re going to replace ourselves). Social analysts pin it on some jumble of female
education and fiscal autonomy, secularisation, birth control, Sex and the City, a heightened
desire for personal freedom, and increasing uncertainty about bringing a child into a world
plagued by terrorism, global warming and Lindsay Lohan. In a hyper-individualistic, ultra-
commodified culture like ours, motherhood, for better and worse, is less a fact of life than
just another lifestyle choice.
All over the developed world, the same pattern is apparent. Russia, Britain, Ireland,
Australia, Spain, Italy and dozens of other countries are contending with fertility rates well
below replacement levels. Forty per cent of female university graduates in Germany are
childless. In Japan, where the birth rate has sunk to a record low of 1.26, family planning
groups are blaming the Internet, charging that fertile men and women are spending too
much time online, and not enough having sex.
Making Kids Worthless: Social Security’s Contribution to the Fertility Crisis[3]
Many people nowadays find it hard to see why anyone would have children for the sake of
old-age security. Surely, they think, people have children just because they like it. Still,
they often hear people say they would like to have more children, but they cannot afford it.
Moreover, people in less developed countries seem to afford large families, even though
their real incomes barely reach subsistence levels.
What can account for these seemingly conflicting observations? The fact that in the absence
of social security, the extended family is an informal social insurance mechanism that
renders childbearing economically beneficial. But in countries with large social security
systems, people no longer have an old-age security motive for fertility, precisely because
social security has made fertility economically unwise.
Of course, social security is not the only reason for declining fertility rates. For one thing,
the welfare state undermines the family in many other ways too, such as compulsory public
education that seeks to replace family loyalty with allegiance to the state. Moreover, the
old-age security motive for fertility should become weaker when other ways of providing for
old age become available…
One can also look at differences among the developed Western countries. Among these
countries, there are practically no differences in infant mortality rates, female labour force
participation rates, and other standard explanations of the fertility decline. Yet total fertility
rates differ widely — and exactly in the way predicted by the size of social security
systems. The United States has a fertility rate of 2.09, whereas the European Union has an
average of 1.47.
Also within Europe, where social security benefits are dangerously generous, there are
differences among countries. Some of the most generous schemes are found in Germany,
France, and the Mediterranean countries — as are the lowest fertility rates in the region. On
the surface, it is surprising to find this in countries that used to be family-oriented and
fervently Catholic. However, economic incentives shape behaviour, and behaviour shapes
culture…
The best solution is also the simplest: get the state out of the way.
Death by secularism: Some statistical evidence[4]
Infertility is killing off the secular world, a number of writers have observed, including
Phillip Longman, whose 1994 book The Empty Cradle I reviewed last year. In the former
Soviet empire, where atheism reigned as state policy for generations, the United Nations
forecasts extreme declines in population by 2050, ranging from 22% for the Russian
Federation to nearly 50% for the Ukraine. Secular western Europe will lose 4% to 12% of
its population, while the population of the churchgoing United States continues to grow. Is
secularism at fault? The numbers do not suggest otherwise.
Humankind cannot abide the terror of mortality without the promise of immortality, I have
argue in the past. In the absence of religion human society sinks into depressive torpor.
Secular society therefore is an oxymoron, for the death of religion leads quickly enough to
the death of society itself.
Why Europe chooses extinction[5]
Demographics is destiny. Never in recorded history have prosperous and peaceful nations
chosen to disappear from the face of the earth. Yet that is what the Europeans have chosen
to do. Back in 1348 Europe suffered the Black Death, a combination of bubonic plague and
likely a form of mad cow disease, observes American Enterprise Institute scholar Ben
Wattenberg. “The plague reduced the estimated European population by about a third. In
the next 50 years, Europe’s population will relive — in slow motion — that plague
demography, losing about a fifth of its population by 2050 and more as the decades roll
on.”
Bring back that Old Time Religion[6]
[S]ecularism promotes a more short term and hedonistic attitude towards life. Since
secular people have little faith in God or an after life, the tendency is for them to adopt the
attitude of “Eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow we die”. Of course, not all secular people
are like that. But in general, secularism promotes such attitudes.
Their time horizon is therefore their own lifetime. Religious people on the other hand are
more long term. Their eyes are on eternity. If you go to Europe, you will come across many
Cathedrals that took centuries to build. For example, Cologne Cathedral took more than
300 years to complete.
Why did the Medieval Christians start a project that none of them would live to see its
completion? The answer is that they look to the hereafter. Their desire was to please God
and go to heaven. They say that faith can move mountains. Here a mountain of stone was
literally moved to build the great Cathedrals of Europe.
But what of the secular people in now post-Christian Europe? What are the economic
consequences of people whose time frame is simply the rest of their lives?
For a start, they (in general) want to enjoy their lives to the hilt. For some, this could mean
early retirement with loss of still productive workers to the economy. For others, it could
mean fewer or no children for children means responsibility and a tax on their resources
which could be used to indulge themselves. Statistics from America have shown that
regular church goers tend to have more children than those that seldom attend church.
So the question becomes: do we make demands on individuals and possibly restrict
individual liberty to encourage breeding, introduce new forms of incentives or do we
invest billions in developing artificial wombs and contract the parenting out to a new
population industry? Perhaps we should go back to third world conditions and values to
increase fertility rates?
The main problem is the working women. I'm not against it. I'm all for it in fact. The
thing is, there's a lot of women who want to have kids but can't because they'd reduce
their income without reducing their outgoings, which is now increasingly a result of taxes
and interest payments. So they work, and reason that they can have kids at a later age,
not realising that the statistics for fertility after the age of 30 look dire at best.
Personally, I think the following incentive would prove to be successful:
The state invests in/buys/builds X amount of housing units (designed for a family with 3
children). All married couples who has three children will have a prerogative to one of these
housing units immediately after the third child is born. They have the right to live in this
housing unit until their youngest child is 18. If the couple breaks up the family forfeits their
right to the housing unit and are forced to move out. This will both work as a great
incentive for family unity and encourage people to have more than 2 children. It will also
lessen the financial pressure on the mother to have a full time job while caring for 3 or
more children. The housing units should be more attractive than the national standard (as
the main point is to make them attractive enough) and could include free kindergardens
located on the ground floor. If needed, more incentives can be added to the “housing unit
incentive” for families with 3 or more children, until we reach an average birth rate of 2,1
or even up to 2,5 if desired. Obviously, a project of this magnitude would require visionary
leaders which todays Western European countries lack.
The above solution isn’t perfect, but it’s a simple and effective method which would most
likely increase that country’s birth rate considerably (and contribute to family unity).
However, a method like this would prove to be too effective and would therefore
undermine the current justification of multiculturalism (the core mantra: we need mote
Muslims to replace our aging populations!).
Sources:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/05/what-is-cause-of-low-birth-rates.html
1. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/015598.php
2. http://www.macleans.ca/article.jsp?content=20070528_105313_105313
3. http://www.mises.org/story/2451
4. http://www.atimes.com/atimes/Front_Page/GH02Aa01.html
5. http://www.atimes.com/atimes/front_page/ED08Aa01.html
6. http://www.faithfreedom.org/oped/Ohmyrus50810.htm
2.12 The Fatherless Civilisation
By Fjordman
“An autopsy of history would show that all great nations commit suicide. “
Arnold Toynbee
American columnist Diana West recently released her book The Death of the Grown-up,
where she traces the decline of Western civilisation to the permanent youth rebellions of
the past two generations. The decade from the first half of the 1960s to the first half of
the 1970s was clearly a major watershed in Western history, with the start of non-
Western mass immigration in the USA, the birth of Eurabia in Western Europe and the
rise of multiculturalism and radical Feminism.
The paradox is that the people who viciously attacked their own civilisation had enjoyed
uninterrupted economic growth for decades, yet embraced Marxist-inspired ideologies
and decided to undermine the very society which had allowed them to live privileged
lives. Maybe this isn't as strange as it seems. Karl Marx himself was aided by the wealth
of Friedrich Engels, the son of a successful industrialist.
This was also the age of decolonisation in Western Europe and desegregation in the USA,
which created an atmosphere where Western civilisation was seen as evil. Whatever the
cause, we have since been stuck in a pattern of eternal opposition to our own civilisation.
Some of these problems may well have older roots, but they became institutionalised to
an unprecedented degree during the 1960s.
According to Diana West[1], the organising thesis of her book "is that the unprecedented
transfer of cultural authority from adults to adolescents over the past half century or so
has dire implications for the survival of the Western world." Having redirected our natural
development away from adulthood and maturity in order to strike the pop-influenced
pose of eternally cool youth – ever-open, non-judgmental, self-absorbed, searching for
(or just plain lacking) identity – we have fostered a society marked by these same traits.
In short: Westerners live in a state of perpetual adolescence, but also with a
corresponding perpetual identity crisis. West thinks maturity went out of style in the
rebellious 1960s, "the biggest temper tantrum in the history of the world," which flouted
authority figures of any kind.
She also believes that although the most radical break with the past took place during
the 60s and 70s, the roots of Western youth culture are to be found in the 1950s with the
birth of rock and roll music, Elvis Presley and actors such as James Dean. Pop group The
Beatles embodied this in the early 60s, but changed radically in favor of drugs and the
rejection of established wisdom as they approached 1970, a shift which was reflected in
the entire culture.
Personally, one of my favourite movies from the 1980s was Back to the Future. In one of
the scenes, actor Michael J. Fox travels in time from 1985 to 1955. Before he leaves
1985, he hears the slogan "Re-elect Mayor....Progress is his middle name." The same
slogan is repeated in 1955, only with a different name. Politics is politics in any age.
Writers Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale have stated that they chose the year 1955 as the
setting of the movie because this was the age of the birth of teen culture: This was when
the teenager started to rule, and he has ruled ever since.
As West says[2], many things changed in the economic boom in the decades following
the Second World War: "When you talk about the postwar period, the vast new affluence
is a big factor in reorienting the culture to adolescent desire. You see a shift in cultural
authority going to the young. Instead of kids who might take a job to be able to help with
household expenses, all of a sudden that pocket money was going into the manufacture
of a massive new culture. That conferred such importance to a period of adolescence that
had never been there before." After generations of this celebration of youth, the adults
have no confidence left: "Kids are planning expensive trips, going out unchaperoned,
they are drinking, debauching, absolutely running amok, yet the parents say, 'I can't do
anything about it.' Parents have abdicated responsibilities to give in to adolescent
desire."
She believes that "Where womanhood stands today is deeply affected by the death of
grown-up. I would say the sexualised female is part of the phenomenon I'm talking
about, so I don't think they're immune to the death of the grown-up. Women are still
emulating young fashion. Where sex is more available, there are no longer the same
incentives building toward married life, which once was a big motivation toward the
maturing process."
Is she right? Have we become a civilisation of Peter Pans refusing to grow up? Have we
been cut off from the past by disparaging everything old as outmoded? I know blogger
Conservative Swede, who likes Friedrich Nietzsche, thinks we suffer from "slave
morality," but I sometimes wonder whether we suffer from child morality rather than
slave morality. However, there are other forces at work here as well.
The welfare state encourages an infantilisation of society where people return to
childhood by being provided for by others. This creates not just a culture obsessed with
youth but with adolescent irresponsibility. Many people live in a constant state of
rebellion against not just their parents but their nation, their culture and their civilisation.
Writer Theodore Dalrymple thinks[3] one reason for the epidemic of self-destructiveness
in Western societies is the avoidance of boredom: "For people who have no transcendent
purpose to their lives and cannot invent one through contributing to a cultural tradition
(for example), in other words who have no religious belief and no intellectual interests to
stimulate them, self-destruction and the creation of crises in their life is one way of
warding off meaninglessness."
According to him, what we are seeing now[4] is "a society in which people demand to
behave more or less as they wish, that is to say whimsically, in accordance with their
kaleidoscopically changing desires, at the same time as being protected from the natural
consequences of their own behaviour by agencies of the state. The result is a
combination of Sodom and Gomorrah and a vast and impersonal bureaucracy of welfare."
The welfare state deprives you of the possibility of deriving self-respect from your work.
This can hurt a person's self-respect, but more so for men than for women because
masculine identity is closely tied to providing for others. Stripped of this, male self-
respect declines and society with it. Dalrymple also worries about the end of fatherhood,
and believes that the worst child abusers[5] are governments promoting the very
circumstances in which child abuse and neglect are most likely to take place: "He who
promotes single parenthood is indifferent to the fate of children." Fatherhood scarcely
exists, except in the merest biological sense:
"I worked in a hospital in which had it not been for the children of Indian immigrants, the
illegitimacy rate of children born there would have approached one hundred per cent. It
became an almost indelicate question to ask of a young person who his or her father was;
to me, it was still an astounding thing to be asked, 'Do you mean my father now, at the
moment?' as if it could change at any time and had in fact changed several times before."
This is because "women are to have children merely because they want them, as is their
government-given right, irrespective of their ability to bring them up, or who has to pay
for them, or the consequences to the children themselves. Men are to be permanently
infantilised, their income being in essence pocket money for them to spend on their
enjoyments, having no serious responsibilities at all (beyond paying tax). Henceforth, the
state will be father to the child, and the father will be child of the state."
As Swedish writer Per Bylund explains[6]: "Most of us were not raised by our parents at
all. We were raised by the authorities in state daycare centers from the time of infancy;
then pushed on to public schools, public high schools, and public universities; and later to
employment in the public sector and more education via the powerful labour unions and
their educational associations. The state is ever-present and is to many the only means
of survival – and its welfare benefits the only possible way to gain independence."
Though Sweden is arguably an extreme case, author Melanie Phillips notices[7] the same
trends in Britain, too: "Our culture is now deep into uncharted territory. Generations of
family disintegration in turn are unravelling the fundamentals of civilised human
behaviour. Committed fathers are crucial to their children's emotional development. As a
result of the incalculable irresponsibility of our elites, however, fathers have been seen
for the past three decades as expendable and disposable. Lone parenthood stopped being
a source of shame and turned instead into a woman's inalienable right. The state has
provided more and more inducements to women – through child benefit, council flats and
other welfare provision – to have children without committed fathers. This has produced
generations of women-only households, where emotionally needy girls so often become
hopelessly inadequate mothers who abuse and neglect their own children – who, in turn,
perpetuate the destructive pattern. This is culturally nothing less than suicidal."
I sometimes wonder whether the modern West, and Western Europe in particular, should
be dubbed the Fatherless Civilisation. Fathers have been turned into a caricature and
there is a striking demonisation of traditional male values. Any person attempting to
enforce rules and authority, a traditional male preserve, is seen as a Fascist and ridiculed,
starting with God the Father. We end up with a society of vague fathers who can be
replaced at the whim of the mothers at any given moment. Even the mothers have
largely abdicated, leaving the upbringing of children to schools, kindergartens and
television. In fashion and lifestyle, mothers imitate their daughters, not vice versa.
The elaborate welfare state model in Western Europe is frequently labelled "the nanny
state," but perhaps it could also be named "the husband state." Why? Well, in a
traditional society, the role of men was to physically protect and financially provide for
their women. In our modern society, part of this task has been "outsourced" to the state,
which helps explain why women in general give disproportionate support to high taxation
and pro-welfare state parties. According to anthropologist Lionel Tiger, the ancient unit of
a mother, a child and a father has morphed from monogamy into "bureaugamy," a
mother, a child and a bureaucrat. The state has become a substitute husband. In fact, it
doesn't replace just the husband, it replaces the entire nuclear and extended family,
raises the children and cares for the elderly.
Øystein Djupedal, Minister of Education and Research from the Socialist Left Party and
responsible for Norwegian education from kindergartens via high schools to PhD level,
has stated[8]: "I think that it's simply a mistaken view of child-rearing to believe that
parents are the best to raise children. 'Children need a village,' said Hillary Clinton. But
we don't have that. The village of our time is the kindergarten." He later retracted this
statement, saying that parents have the main responsibility for raising children, but that
"kindergartens are a fantastic device for children, and it is good for children to spend
time in kindergarten before [they] start school."
The problem is that some of his colleagues use the kindergarten as the blueprint for
society as a whole, even for adults. In the fall of 2007, Norway's center-left government
issued a warning to 140 companies that still hadn't fulfilled the state-mandated quota of
40 percent women on their boards of directors. Equality minister Karita Bekkemellem
stated[9] that companies failing to meet the quota will face involuntary dissolution,
despite the fact that many are within traditionally male-oriented branches like the
offshore oil industry, shipping and finance. She called the law "historic and radical" and
said it will be enforced.
Bekkemellem is thus punishing the naughty children who refuse to do as Mother State
tells them to, even if these children happen to be private corporations. The state replaces
the father in the sense that it provides for you financially, but it acts more like a mother
in removing risks and turning society into a cozy, regulated kindergarten with ice cream
and speech codes.
Blog reader Tim W. thinks[10] women tend to be more selfish than men vis-a-vis the
opposite sex: "Men show concern for women and children while women.... well, they
show concern for themselves and children. I'm not saying that individual women don't
show concern for husbands or brothers, but as a group (or voting bloc) they have no
particular interest in men's well-being. Women's problems are always a major concern
but men's problems aren't. Every political candidate is expected to address women's
concerns, but a candidate even acknowledging that men might have concerns worth
addressing would be ostracised." What if men lived an average of five years and eight
months longer than women? Well, if that were the case, we'd never hear the end of it:
"Feminists and women candidates would walk around wearing buttons with 'five years,
eight months' written on them to constantly remind themselves and the world about this
horrendous inequity. That this would happen, and surely it would, says something about
the differing natures of male and female voters."
Bernard Chapin interviewed Dr. John Lott[11] at Frontpage Magazine. According to Lott,
"I think that women are generally more risk averse then men are and they see
government as one way of providing insurance against life's vagaries. I also think that
divorced women with kids particularly turn towards government for protection. Simply
giving women the right to vote explained at least a third of the growth in government for
about 45 years."
He thinks this "explains a lot of the government's growth in the US but also the rest of
the world over the last century. When states gave women the right to vote, government
spending and tax revenue, even after adjusting for inflation and population, went from
not growing at all to more than doubling in ten years. As women gradually made up a
greater and greater share of the electorate, the size of government kept on increasing.
This continued for 45 years as a lot of older women who hadn't been used to voting when
suffrage first passed were gradually replaced by younger women. After you get to the
1960s, the continued growth in government is driven by higher divorce rates. Divorce
causes women with children to turn much more to government programs." The
liberalisation of abortion also led to more single parent families.
Diana West thinks what we saw in the counterculture of the 1960s was a leveling[12] of
all sorts of hierarchies, both of learning and of authority. From that emerged the leveling
of culture and by extension multiculturalism. She also links this trend to the nanny state:
"In considering the strong links between an increasingly paternalistic nanny state and the
death of the grown-up, I found that Tocqueville (of course) had long ago made the
connections. He tried to imagine under what conditions despotism could come to the United
States. He came up with a vision of the nation characterised, on the one hand, by an
'innumerable multitude of men, alike and equal, constantly circling around in pursuit of the
petty and banal pleasures with which they glut their souls,' and, on the other, by the
'immense protective power' of the state. 'Banal pleasures' and 'immense state power' might
have sounded downright science-fictional in the middle of the 19th century; by the start of
the 21st century, it begins to sound all too familiar. Indeed, speaking of the all-powerful
state, he wrote: 'It would resemble parental authority if, fatherlike, it tried to prepare its
charges for a man's life, but, on the contrary, it only tries to keep them in perpetual
childhood.' Perhaps the extent to which we, liberals and conservatives alike, have
acquiesced to our state's parental authority shows how far along we, as a culture, have
reached Tocqueville's state of 'perpetual childhood.'"
This problem is even worse in Western Europe, a region with more elaborate welfare
states than the USA and which has lived under the American military umbrella for
generations, thus further enhancing the tendency for adolescent behaviour.
The question, which was indirectly raised by Alexis de Tocqueville in the 1830s in his
book Democracy in America, is this: If democracy of universal suffrage means that
everybody's opinion is as good as everybody else's, will this sooner or later turn into a
society where everybody's choices are also as good as everybody else's, which leads to
cultural relativism? Tocqueville wrote at a time when only men had the vote. Will
universal suffrage also lead to a situation where women vote themselves into possession
of men's finances while reducing their authority and creating powerful state regulation of
everything?
I don't know the answer to that. What I do know is that the current situation isn't
sustainable. The absence of fatherhood has created a society full of social pathologies,
and the lack of male self-confidence has made us easy prey for our enemies. If the West
is to survive, we need to reassert a healthy dose of male authority. In order to do so we
need to roll back the welfare state. Perhaps we need to roll back some of the excesses of
Western Feminism[13], too.
Sources:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2572
1. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=1C138B13-6680-446B-AA80-FF317A0901B9
2. http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/20519355/site/newsweek/
3. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID={D2C70DCE-BF86-4761-9788-03AB7FAB2608}
4. http://dansk-svensk.blogspot.com/2007/08/angst-der-nationer-op.html
5. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/opinion/main.jhtml?
xml=/opinion/2004/01/22/do2201.xml&sSheet=/opinion/2004/01/22/ixopinion.html'
http://48.864.2.327subf37:KTynmwf396737684766ЂЊ
6. http://www.mises.org/story/2190
7. http://www.melaniephillips.com/articles-new/?p=503
8. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/08/welfare-state-is-dead-long-live.html
9. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/business/article2045491.ece
10. http://www.amnation.com/vfr/archives/008277.html
11. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=efa81694-2e09-4b51-ad36-19e1d125aef0
12. http://tabacco.blog-city.com/diana_west_author_of_the_death_of_the_grownup_how_americ.htm
13. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1908
2.13 The Western European cultural Marxist/multiculturalist intellectual elite –
who are they?
Cultural Marxists, suicidal humanists or capitalist globalists are all multiculturalists.
“Multiculturalist” is a label for individuals who support multiculturalism (what was earlier
referred to as “social engineering”); the European hate ideology which was created to
destroy our European cultures, national cohesion and Christendom (in other words
Western civilisation itself). Most people still use the more known stereotypical labels such
as: ”socialists”, collectivists, feminists, humanists, egalitarians, gay and disability
activists, animal rights activists, environmentalists etc. However, not all from the given
groups are to be considered cultural Marxists. The common factor for the definition of
cultural Marxists is their support to multiculturalism, a political ideology which have
allowed Islamic demographic warfare to be initiated.
The group referred to as cultural Marxists/multiculturalists consist of politicians, primarily
from the alliance of European political parties known as ”the MA 100” (political parties in
Western Europe who support multiculturalism) and EU parliamentarians. They are elected
and non-elected parliamentarians, their advisors and any public and/or corporate servant
who has been and still are indirectly or directly implicated in justifying of propagating
multiculturalism.
They consist of individuals from various professional groups (but not limited to):
politicians, political advisors, leaders in various NGOs, journalists, teachers, university
professors, various school/university board members, publicists, radio commentators,
writers of fiction, cartoonists, and artists. It also includes many individuals from
professional groups such as: technicians, scientists, doctors and even Church leaders.
These intellectuals are the organs which modern society has developed for spreading
knowledge and ideas, and it is their convictions and opinions which operate as the sieve
through which all new conceptions must pass before they can reach the masses.
The most brilliant and successful teachers are today more likely than not to be cultural
Marxists. This is not because they are more intelligent, but because a much higher
proportion of cultural Marxists among the best minds devote themselves to those
intellectual pursuits which in modern society give them a decisive influence on public
opinion. Cultural Marxists thought owes its appeal to the young largely to its visionary
character. The intellectual, by his whole disposition, is uninterested in technical details or
practical difficulties. What appeal to him are the broad visions.
Cultural Marxism/multiculturalism has never and nowhere been at first a working-class
movement. It is a construction of theorists” and intellectuals, “the second-hand dealers
in ideas.” The typical intellectual need not possess special knowledge of anything in
particular, nor need he even be particularly intelligent, to perform his role as
intermediary in the spreading of ideas.
The free society as we have known it carries in itself the forces of its own destruction,
once freedom has been achieved it is taken for granted and ceases to be valued, and the
free growth of ideas, which is the essence of a free society, will bring about the
destruction of the foundations on which it depends.
Two examples of the most dangerous European cultural Marxists:
1. José Manuel Durão Barroso - European Commission president
2. Tony Blair – possibly the future European Commission president
Mr Barroso’s background reveals his political outlook. During his college days he was one
of the leaders of the underground Maoist MRPP (Reorganising Movement of the
Proletariat Party, later PCTP/MRPP Communist Party of the Portuguese
Workers/Revolutionary Movement of the Portuguese Proletariat).
Despite this, the Tories and the rest of their so-called “European Conservatives and
Reformists” group voted for Mr Barroso, ignoring the fact that he is one of the greatest
proponents of the Lisbon Treaty and the extension of the EU’s power to take over almost
all national rights such as foreign affairs, immigration, border control and defence.
To illustrate this further, let’s take a look at a few of the recent news highlights:
2.14 Labour wants mass immigration to engineer multicultural UK, says former
Blair and Straw adviser.
By Tom Whitehead, Home Affairs Editor - Published: 6:42PM BST 23 Oct 2009
Labour threw open Britain's borders to mass immigration to help
socially engineer a "truly multicultural" country, a former
Government adviser has revealed. The allegation was made after
a former Labour adviser said the Government opened up UK
borders partly to humiliate Right-wing opponents of immigration.
The huge increases in migrants over the last decade were partly
due to a politically motivated attempt by ministers to radically
change the country and "rub the Right's nose in diversity",
according to Andrew Neather, a former adviser to Tony Blair, Jack
Straw and David Blunkett.
He said Labour's relaxation of controls was a deliberate plan to
"open up the UK to mass migration" but that ministers were
nervous and reluctant to discuss such a move publicly for fear it
would alienate its "core working class vote".
As a result, the public argument for immigration concentrated
instead on the economic benefits and need for more migrants.
Critics said the revelations showed a "conspiracy" within Government to impose mass
immigration for "cynical" political reasons.
Mr Neather was a speech writer who worked in Downing Street for Tony Blair and in the
Home Office for Jack Straw and David Blunkett, in the early 2000s.
Writing in the Evening Standard, he revealed the "major shift" in immigration policy came
after the publication of a policy paper from the Performance and Innovation Unit, a
Downing Street think tank based in the Cabinet Office, in 2001.
He wrote a major speech for Barbara Roche, the then immigration minister, in 2000,
which was largely based on drafts of the report.
He said the final published version of the report promoted the labour market case for
immigration but unpublished versions contained additional reasons, he said.
He wrote: "Earlier drafts I saw also included a driving political purpose: that mass
immigration was the way that the Government was going to make the UK truly
multicultural.
"I remember coming away from some discussions with the clear sense that the policy
was intended – even if this wasn't its main purpose – to rub the Right's nose in diversity
and render their arguments out of date."
The "deliberate policy", from late 2000 until "at least February last year", when the new
points based system was introduced, was to open up the UK to mass migration, he said.
Some 2.3 million migrants have been added to the population since then, according to
Whitehall estimates quietly slipped out last month.
On Question Time on Thursday, Mr Straw was repeatedly quizzed about whether Labour's
immigration policies had left the door open for the BNP.
In his column, Mr Neather said that as well as bringing in hundreds of thousands more
migrants to plug labour market gaps, there was also a "driving political purpose" behind
immigration policy.
He defended the policy, saying mass immigration has "enriched" Britain, and made
London a more attractive and cosmopolitan place.
But he acknowledged that "nervous" ministers made no mention of the policy at the time
for fear of alienating Labour voters.
"Part by accident, part by design, the Government had created its longed-for immigration
boom.
"But ministers wouldn't talk about it. In part they probably realised the conservatism of
their core voters: while ministers might have been passionately in favour of a more
diverse society, it wasn't necessarily a debate they wanted to have in working men's
clubs in Sheffield or Sunderland."
Sir Andrew Green, chairman of the Migrationwatch think tank, said: "Now at least the
truth is out, and it's dynamite.
"Many have long suspected that mass immigration under Labour was not just a cock up
but also a conspiracy. They were right.
"This Government has admitted three million immigrants for cynical political reasons
concealed by dodgy economic camouflage."
The chairmen of the cross-party Group for Balanced Migration, MPs Frank Field and
Nicholas Soames, said: "We welcome this statement by an ex-adviser, which the whole
country knows to be true.
"It is the first beam of truth that has officially been shone on the immigration issue in
Britain."
A Home Office spokesman said: “Our new flexible points based system gives us greater
control on those coming to work or study from outside Europe, ensuring that only those
that Britain need can come.
“Britain's borders are stronger than ever before and we are rolling out ID cards to foreign
nationals, we have introduced civil penalties for those employing illegal workers and from
the end of next year our electronic border system will monitor 95 per cent of journeys in
and out of the UK.
“The British people can be confident that immigration is under control.”
It also emerged that:
• Home Office Minister Barbara Roche, who pioneered the open-door policy, wanted to
restore her Labour reputation after being attacked by Left-wingers for condemning
begging by immigrants as 'vile'.
• Civil servant Jonathan Portes, who wrote the immigration report, was a speechwriter for
Gordon Brown and is now a senior aide to Cabinet Secretary Sir Gus O'Donnell.
• Labour chiefs decided to brand Tory leaders William Hague and Michael Howard as
racists to deter them from criticising the covert initiative.
A report, entitled Research, Development And Statistics Occasional Paper No67 -
Migration: An Economic And Social Analysis, was published in January 2001 by the Home
Office, then run by Mr Straw.
Most of its key statistics came from a PIU team led by Mr Portes. The report paints a rosy
picture of mass immigration, stating: 'There is little evidence that native workers are
harmed by migration. The broader fiscal impact is likely to be positive because a greater
proportion of migrants are of working age and migrants have higher average wages than
natives.'
It goes on: 'Most British regard immigration as having a positive effect on British culture.'
Sources:
1.http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/lawandorder/6418456/Labour-wanted-mass-immigration-to-make-UK-
more-multicultural-says-former-adviser.html
2.http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1222613/Labour-let-migrants-engineer-multicultural-UK.html?
ITO=1490&referrer=yahoo
3. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1222769/Dishonest-Blair-Straw-accused-secret-plan-multicultural-UK.html
Continuation of story:
2.15 The outrageous truth slips out: Labour cynically plotted to transform the
entire make-up of Britain without telling us
By Melanie Phillips
So now the cat is well and truly out of the bag. For years, as the number of immigrants
to Britain shot up apparently uncontrollably, the question was how exactly this had
happened.
Was it through a fit of absent-mindedness or gross incompetence? Or was it not
inadvertent at all, but deliberate?
The latter explanation seemed just too outrageous. After all, a deliberate policy of mass
immigration would have amounted to nothing less than an attempt to change the very
make-up of this country without telling the electorate.
There could not have been a more grave abuse of the entire democratic process. Now,
however, we learn that this is exactly what did happen. The Labour government has been
engaged upon a deliberate and secret policy of national cultural sabotage.
This astonishing revelation surfaced quite casually last weekend in a newspaper article by
one Andrew Neather. He turns out to have been a speech writer for Tony Blair, Jack Straw
and David Blunkett.
And it was he who wrote a landmark speech in September 2000 by the then immigration
minister, Barbara Roche, that called for a loosening of immigration controls. But the true
scope and purpose of this new policy was actively concealed.
In its 1997 election manifesto, Labour promised 'firm control over immigration' and in
2005 it promised a 'crackdown on abuse'. In 2001, its manifesto merely said that the
immigration rules needed to reflect changes to the economy to meet skills shortages.
But all this concealed a monumental shift of policy. For Neather wrote that until 'at least
February last year', when a new points-based system was introduced to limit foreign
workers in response to increasing uproar, the purpose of the policy Roche ushered in was
to open up the UK to mass immigration.
This has been achieved. Some 2.3million migrants have been added to the population
since 2001. Since 1997, the number of work permits has quadrupled to 120,000 a year.
Unless policies change, over the next 25 years some seven million more will be added to
Britain's population, a rate of growth three times as fast as took place in the Eighties.
Such an increase is simply unsustainable. Britain is already one of the most overcrowded
countries in Europe. But now look at the real reason why this policy was introduced, and
in secret. The Government's 'driving political purpose', wrote Neather, was 'to make the
UK truly multicultural'.
It was therefore a politically motivated attempt by ministers to transform the
fundamental make-up and identity of this country. It was done to destroy the right of the
British people to live in a society defined by a common history, religion, law, language
and traditions.
It was done to destroy for ever what it means to be culturally British and to put another
'multicultural' identity in its place. And it was done without telling or asking the British
people whether they wanted their country and their culture to be transformed in this way.
Spitefully, one motivation by Labour ministers was 'to rub the Right's nose in diversity
and render their arguments out of date'.
Even Neather found that particular element of gratuitous Left-wing bullying to be 'a
manoeuvre too far'.
Yet apart from this, Neather sees nothing wrong in the policy he has described. Indeed,
the reason for his astonishing candour is he thinks it's something to boast about. Mass
immigration, he wrote, had provided the 'foreign nannies, cleaners and gardeners'
without whom London could hardly function.
What elitist arrogance! As if most people employ nannies, cleaners and gardeners. And
what ignorance. The argument that Britain is better off with this level of immigration has
been conclusively shown to be economically illiterate.
Neather gave the impression that most immigrants are Eastern Europeans. But these
form fewer than a quarter of all immigrants.
And the fact is that, despite his blithe assertions to the contrary, schools in areas of very
high immigration find it desperately difficult to cope with so many children who don't
even have basic English. Other services, such as health or housing, are similarly being
overwhelmed by the sheer weight of numbers.
But the most shattering revelation was that this policy of mass immigration was not
introduced to produce nannies or cleaners for the likes of Neather. It was to destroy
Britain's identity and transform it into a multicultural society where British attributes
would have no greater status than any other country's.
A measure of immigration is indeed good for a country. But this policy was not to
enhance British culture and society by broadening the mix. It was to destroy its defining
character altogether.
It also conveniently guaranteed an increasingly Labour-voting electorate since, as a
recent survey by the Electoral Commission has revealed, some 90 per cent of black
people and three-quarters of Asians vote Labour.
In Neather's hermetically sealed bubble, the benefits of mass immigration were so
overwhelming he couldn't understand why ministers had been so nervous about it.
They were, he wrote, reluctant to discuss what increased immigration would mean,
above all to Labour's core white working class vote. So they deliberately kept it secret.
They knew that if they told the truth about what they were doing, voters would rise up in
protest. So they kept it out of their election manifestos.
It was indeed a conspiracy to deceive the electorate into voting for them. And yet it is
these very people who have the gall to puff themselves up in self-righteous astonishment
at the rise of the BNP.
No wonder Jack Straw was so shifty on last week's Question Time when he was asked
whether it was the Government's failure to halt immigration which lay behind increasing
support for the BNP.
Now we know it was no such failure of policy. It was deliberate. For the government of
which Straw is such a long- standing member had secretly plotted to flood the country
with immigrants to change its very character and identity.
This more than any other reason is why Nick Griffin has gained so much support.
According to a YouGov poll taken after Question Time, no fewer than 22 per cent of
British voters would 'seriously consider' voting for the BNP.
That nearly one quarter of British people might vote for a neo-Nazi party with views
inimical to democracy, human rights and common decency is truly appalling.
The core reason is that for years they have watched as their country's landscape has
been transformed out of all recognition - and that politicians from all mainstream parties
have told them first that it isn't happening and second, that they are racist bigots to
object even if it is.
Now the political picture has been transformed overnight by the unguarded candour of
Andrew Neather's eye-opening superciliousness. For now we know that Labour politicians
actually caused this to happen - and did so out of total contempt for their own core
voters.
As Neather sneered, the jobs filled by immigrant workers 'certainly wouldn't be taken by
unemployed BNP voters from Barking or Burnley - fascist au pair, anyone?'
So that's how New Labour views the white working class, supposedly the very people it is
in politics to champion. Who can wonder that its core vote is now decamping in such
large numbers to the BNP when Labour treats them like this?
Condemned out of its own mouth, it is New Labour that is responsible for the rise of the
BNP - by an act of unalloyed treachery to the entire nation.
Source:
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/debate/article-1222977/MELANIE-PHILLIPS-The-outrageous-truth-slips-Labour-cynically-plotted-
transform-entire-make-Britain-telling-us.html
2.16 Why the discipline of Sociology must be completely removed from
Academia
Marx is considered to be the greatest contributor to the science of sociology primarily due
to his analysis of capitalist societies and the various alleged injustices and economic
failures that they produce, and suggested socialist remedies. The discipline of sociology
appeals to Marxists and bleeding heart liberals who would rather blame others for their
problems than take personal ownership of these problems.
The sociology discipline is described as the revolutionary “tools for change” by Marxist
intellectuals as it contributes to institutionalise cultural Marxism/multiculturalism. Modern
sociology provides an examination of the pivotal theories of Marx, Durkheim, Weber and
Comte, the authors that have decisively shaped the discipline.
Students of sociology are taught how the public apparatus may be used (by deliberately
manipulating statistics, and rejecting all aspects of biology) to portray and propagate a
Marxist world view. Any and all faculties of sociology in the European world (US/Europe)
are therefore in many ways Marxist indoctrination camps where the students learn how
to infiltrate public institutions and covertly contribute to change the character of society
by presenting falsified reports and statistics.
Sociology is fundamentally anti capitalist and anti traditionalist (anti-nationalist,
-patriarchal, - Christendom) and as such; anti-European by design. Furthermore, a large
percentage (90%+) of sociologists refuse to acknowledge biology as relevant and instead
proclaim that environment is the cause of all human behaviour.
In order to defeat one of the most devastating academic weapons of the cultural
Marxists/multiculturalists, we must destroy/ban the discipline of sociology completely.
Sociology students are indoctrinated by learning (from a Marxist point of view) what is
wrong in the world. As such, they are transformed into academic Marxist revolutionaries.
So why did the conservative post-WW2 European elites allow the discipline of sociology to
exist and its propagators to operate freely at our universities?
The European elites at the time, underestimated the discipline as it could not directly
affect the “important aspects/sectors” of society (according to their definition); defence
(police/military), law and finance. Needless to say, this was a critical mistake because the
discipline of Marxist sociology would later prove to significantly contribute to shape the
cultural/social structures of our societies which lead to the 68 cultural Marxist revolts in
the European world.
Apologists of sociology have successfully prevented the removal of the discipline using
the following arguments:
Sociology aims to explain what is, not what could be. The students learn about
everything that is wrong in the world (from a Marxist narrative) but NOT “specifically”
how to change it. However, as we all know the students indirectly learn how to change
our societies as they study other aspects of Marxism.
Imagine the following; the sociology students learned about what is wrong in the world
from a Nazi narrative, that the Jew is the root of all evil. Wouldn’t that have lead them to
draw their own conclusions based on the self study of Nazi intellectual works (that the
Jew had to be killed)? Of course it would. Regardless of which ideological narrative is
chosen, the student will be brainwashed in that particular ideological direction.
The Marxist (cultural Marxist) revolutionary disciplines (disciplines of the Frankfurt
school) are not limited to sociology, however; philosophy and journalism are highly
affected by the same level of Marxist indoctrination. Their academic weapons are to
deliberate spread their falsified and corrupted Marxist world view through statistics,
reports and articles with the aim to glorify the Marxist/multiculturalist world view and to
effectively undermine nationalistic/conservative/capitalist thought. These individuals
must not be underestimated as they are usually very influential in society (which is the
reason why 95% of them are categorised as category B traitors).
(Related professions: psychologists and social workers)
Political sociologists
Offices infiltrated by sociologists (or individuals who has a sociology major):
Public administrative positions (usually government and public agencies that administer
human services).
Sectors heavily infiltrated with individuals who have taken a sociology
degree/courses in sociology:
Census analyst
Community organizer
Consultant
Criminal justice planner
Demographer
Diversity related professions
Health and Family Planning
Interviewer
Jury Consultant
Labour relations
Law enforcement officer
Market researcher
Mediator
Military
Ministry
Non-profit Organizations (leaders)
NGOs (leaders)
Personnel Management
Planning Departments in various agencies
Politics
Population analyst
Public opinion pollster
Publishing - editing, research and sales
Prisons
Psychiatric social worker
Recreation worker
Researcher
Rural sociologist
School social worker
Social services volunteer coordinator
Social worker
Sociology professor
State and Local Agencies
Substance abuse counsellor
Teaching and counselling - high school, college, university
Training and development
Sociology bachelor’s degree as background for graduate school in:
Journalism
Law
Medicine
Divinity School
Education
Political Science
Economics
Business Administration
Apolitical sociologists
A small minority of sociologists are not considered traitors as they are apolitical.
An alternative instead of a complete removal of the discipline of sociology from
academia
Instead of destroying the discipline of sociology by removing it, an alternative approach
is to completely reform it; replacing the Marxist ideological view with a conservative/anti-
Marxist by instead using ideological fundaments from the following works/authors;
The Bible
Machiavelli
George Orwell
Thomas Hobbes
John Stuart Mill
John Locke
Adam Smith
Edmund Burke
Ayn Rand
William James
2.17 The psychology of cultural Marxists
“An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.”
Winston Churchill
One of the most widespread manifestations of the craziness of our world is
multiculturalism, so a discussion of the psychology of multiculturalists can serve as an
introduction to the discussion of the problems of Western Europe in general.
But what is multiculturalism or Cultural Communism? The
movement is fragmented and it is not clear who can properly be
called a cultural Marxist. When we speak of cultural Marxists in
this article we have in mind mainly individuals who support
multiculturalism; socialists, collectivists, "politically correct"
types, feminists, gay and disability activists, animal rights
activists, environmentalists etc. But not everyone who is
associated with one of these movements support
multiculturalism. What we are trying to get at in discussing
cultural Marxists is not so much a movement or an ideology as a
psychological type, or rather a collection of related types.
Our conception of cultural Marxists will remain a good deal less clear than we would wish,
but there doesn't seem to be any remedy for this. All we are trying to do is indicate in a
rough and approximate way the two psychological tendencies that we believe are the
main driving force of modern multiculturalism. We by no means claim to be telling the
WHOLE truth about cultural Marxist psychology. Also, our discussion is meant to apply to
modern cultural Marxists only.
The two psychological tendencies that underlie cultural Marxists we call "feelings of
inferiority" and "over-socialisation." Feelings of inferiority are characteristic of cultural
Marxism as a whole, while over-socialisation is characteristic only of a certain segment of
cultural Marxism; but this segment is highly influential.
Feelings of inferiority
By "feelings of inferiority" we mean not only inferiority feelings in the strictest sense but
a whole spectrum of related traits: low self-esteem, feelings of powerlessness, depressive
tendencies, defeatism, guilt, self-hatred, etc. We argue that cultural Marxists tend to
have such feelings (possibly more or less repressed) and that these feelings are decisive
in determining the direction of cultural Marxism.
When someone interprets as derogatory almost anything that is said about him (or about
groups with whom he identifies) we conclude that he has inferiority feelings or low self-
esteem. This tendency is pronounced among minority rights advocates, whether or not
they belong to the minority groups whose rights they defend. They are hypersensitive
about the words used to designate minorities. The terms "negro," "oriental,"
"handicapped" or "chick" for an African, an Asian, a disabled person or a woman
originally had no derogatory connotation. "Broad" and "chick" were merely the feminine
equivalents of "guy," "dude" or "fellow." The negative connotations have been attached to
these terms by the activists themselves. Some animal rights advocates have gone so far
as to reject the word "pet" and insist on its replacement by "animal companion." Leftist
anthropologists go to great lengths to avoid saying anything about primitive peoples that
could conceivably be interpreted as negative.
They have now replaced the word "primitive" by "non-literate." They seem almost
paranoid about anything that might suggest that any primitive culture is inferior to our
own. (We do not mean to imply that primitive cultures ARE inferior to ours. We merely
point out the hypersensitivity of leftist anthropologists.)
Those who are most sensitive about "politically incorrect" terminology are not the
average black ghetto-dweller, Asian immigrant, abused woman or disabled person, but a
minority of activists, many of whom do not even belong to any "oppressed" group but
come from privileged strata of society. Political correctness has its stronghold among
government employees, politicians, university professors and journalists and publishers
in government broadcasting companies who have secure employment with comfortable
salaries, and the majority of whom are heterosexual, ethnic Europeans from middle-class
families.
Many cultural Marxists have an intense identification with the problems of groups that
have an image of being weak (women), “so called” oppressed minorities, repellent
(homosexuals), and other groups in the “victim hierarchy”. The cultural Marxists
themselves feel that these groups are inferior. They would never admit it to themselves
that they have such feelings, but it is precisely because they do see these groups as
inferior that they identify with their problems. (We do not suggest that women, Muslims,
etc., ARE inferior; we are only making a point about cultural Marxist psychology).
Feminists are desperately anxious to prove that women are as strong and capable as
men. Clearly they are nagged by a fear that women may NOT be as strong and as
capable as men.
Cultural Marxists tend to hate anything that has an image of being strong, good and
successful. They hate Europe, America, they hate Western civilisation, they hate white
males, and they hate rationality. The reasons that cultural Marxists give for hating the
West, etc. clearly do not correspond with their real motives. They SAY they hate the West
because it is warlike, imperialistic, sexist, ethnocentric and so forth, but where these
same faults appear in socialist countries or in primitive cultures, the leftist finds excuses
for them, or at best he GRUDGINGLY admits that they exist; whereas he
ENTHUSIASTICALLY points out (and often greatly exaggerates) these faults where they
appear in Western civilisation. Thus it is clear that these faults are not the leftist's real
motive for hating Europe, America and the West. He hates the West because they are
strong and successful.
Words like "self-confidence," "self-reliance," "initiative", "enterprise," "optimism," etc.
play little role in the cultural Marxist vocabulary. The leftist is anti-individualistic, pro-
collectivist. He wants society to solve everyone's needs for them, take care of them. He
is not the sort of person who has an inner sense of confidence in his own ability to solve
his own problems and satisfy his own needs. The cultural Marxist is antagonistic to the
concept of competition because, deep inside, he feels like a loser.
Art forms that appeal to cultural Marxist intellectuals tend to focus on sordidness, defeat
and despair, or else they take an orgiastic tone, throwing off rational control as if there
were no hope of accomplishing anything through rational calculation and all that was left
was to immerse oneself in the sensations of the moment.
cultural Marxist philosophers tend to dismiss reason, science, objective reality and to
insist that everything is culturally relative. It is true that one can ask serious questions
about the foundations of scientific knowledge and about how, if at all, the concept of
objective reality can be defined. But it is obvious that cultural Marxist philosophers are
not simply cool-headed logicians systematically analyzing the foundations of knowledge.
They are deeply involved emotionally in their attack on truth and reality. They attack
these concepts because of their own psychological needs. For one thing, their attack is an
outlet for hostility, and, to the extent that it is successful, it satisfies the drive for power.
More importantly, the cultural Marxist hates science and rationality because they classify
certain beliefs as true (i.e., successful, superior) and other beliefs as false (i.e. failed,
inferior). The cultural Marxist feelings of inferiority run so deep that he/she cannot
tolerate any classification of some things as successful or superior and other things as
failed or inferior. This also underlies the rejection by many cultural Marxists of the
concept of mental illness and of the utility of IQ tests. cultural Marxists are antagonistic
to genetic explanations of human abilities or behaviour because such explanations tend
to make some persons appear superior or inferior to others. Cultural Marxists prefer to
give society the credit or blame for an individual's ability or lack of it. Thus if a person is
"inferior" it is not his fault, but society's, because he has not been brought up properly.
The cultural Marxist is not typically the kind of person whose feelings of inferiority make
him/her a braggart, an egotist, a bully, a self-promoter, a ruthless competitor. This kind
of person has not wholly lost faith in himself. He has a deficit in his sense of power and
self-worth, but he can still conceive of himself as having the capacity to be strong, and
his efforts to make himself strong produce his unpleasant behaviour. [1] But the cultural
Marxist is too far gone for that. His feelings of inferiority are so ingrained that he cannot
conceive of himself as individually strong and valuable; hence the collectivism of the
cultural Marxist. She can feel strong only as a member of a large organisation or a mass
movement with which she identifies herself.
Notice the masochistic tendency of cultural Marxist tactics. Cultural Marxists protest by
lying down in front of vehicles, they intentionally provoke police or racists to abuse them,
etc. These tactics may often be effective, but many cultural Marxists use them not as a
means to an end but because they PREFER masochistic tactics. Self-hatred is a cultural
Marxist trait.
Cultural Marxists may claim that their activism is motivated by compassion or by moral
principle, and moral principle does play a role for the cultural Marxist of the over-
socialised type. But compassion and moral principle cannot be the main motives for
cultural Marxist activism. Hostility is too prominent a component of cultural Marxist
behaviour; so is the drive for power. Moreover, much cultural Marxist behaviour is not
rationally calculated to be of benefit to the people whom they claim to be trying to help.
For example, if one believes that affirmative action is good for Muslims, does it make
sense to demand affirmative action in hostile or dogmatic terms? Obviously it would be
more productive to take a diplomatic and conciliatory approach that would make at least
verbal and symbolic concessions to non-Muslims who think that affirmative action
discriminates against them. But cultural Marxist activists do not take such an approach
because it would not satisfy their emotional needs. Helping Muslims is not their real goal.
Instead, problems related to Islam serve as an excuse for them to express their own
hostility and frustrated need for power. In doing so they actually harm Muslims, because
the activists' hostile attitude toward the non-Muslims tends to intensify the irritation or
hatred.
If our society had no social problems at all, the cultural Marxists would have to INVENT
problems in order to provide themselves with an excuse for making a fuss.
We emphasise that the foregoing does not pretend to be an accurate description of
everyone who might be considered a cultural Marxist. It is only a rough indication of a
general tendency of cultural Marxism.
2.18 Democracy and the Media Bias
By Fjordman
In democratic societies the press, the Fourth Estate, should supposedly make sure that
the government does its job properly as well as raise issues of public interest. In
practice, we now seem to have a situation where the political elites cooperate with the
media on making sure that some topics receive insufficient or unbalanced attention while
others are simply kept off the agenda altogether. This isn't the case with all issues but
with some more than others, especially those related to multiculturalism, mass
immigration and anti-discrimination where there seems to be a near-consensus among
the elites. Together they form a new political class. This trend is recognizable all over the
Western world, but it has become more deeply entrenched in Western Europe than in the
USA, partly because more media outlets in Europe are either controlled by or at least
sponsored by the state, but mainly because the political class has become formalised
through the European Union.
In Europe, politics is more and more becoming an empty ritual. The real decisions are
taken before the public even get a chance to vote on them, and the media won't talk
honestly about important matters. Our daily lives are run by a bloated bureaucracy which
is becoming increasingly transnational. Ever so slowly, everyone is reduced from being an
individual to being a cogwheel in a giant machine, run by supposedly well-meaning
administrators and technocrats. They don't really care about you; they just don't want
anybody to rock the boat, so they constantly grease the bureaucratic machinery with lies.
In 2007, former German president Roman Herzog warned that parliamentary democracy
was under threat from the European Union. Between 1999 and 2004, 84 percent of the
legal acts in Germany – and the majority in all EU member states - stemmed from
Brussels. According to Herzog, "EU policies suffer to an alarming degree from a lack of
democracy and a de facto suspension of the separation of powers." Despite this, the EU
was largely a non-issue during the 2005 German elections. One gets the feeling that the
real issues of substance are kept off the table and are not subject to public debate.
National elections are becoming an increasingly empty ritual. The important issues have
already been settled beforehand behind closed doors.
As British politician Daniel Hannan says: "When all the politicians agree, the rest of us
should suspect a plot against the ordinary citizen. Without all-party consensus – and this
is true of all the Member States, not just Germany – the EU would never have got to
where it is." He believes the EU was intentionally designed this way: "Its founding fathers
understood from the first that their audacious plan to merge the ancient nations of
Europe into a single polity would never succeed if each successive transfer of power had
to be referred back to the voters for approval. So they cunningly devised a structure
where supreme power was in the hands of appointed functionaries, immune to public
opinion. Indeed, the EU's structure is not so much undemocratic as anti-democratic."
In the eyes of American theorist Noam Chomsky, "The smart way to keep people passive
and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow very lively
debate within that spectrum." This is undoubtedly true, which is why it's strange that
Chomsky thinks that the Internet, currently the freest medium of all, is "a hideous time-
waster."
In June 2004, a survey showed that 50% of all Swedes wanted a more restrictive
immigration policy[1]. Mass immigration reached the highest levels in history in 2006,
yet before the general elections that year, all the major parties and the media cooperated
successfully on keeping a lid on the issue. During the past few elections in Sweden, there
has been virtually no public debate about mass immigration, but a passionate debate
about "gender equality" in which almost all contestants call themselves feminists, and
only argue over which ways to implement absolute equality between the sexes. The more
suffocating the censorship becomes regarding the problems created by Muslims, the
more discussion there is of ways to get rid of the straitjackets of heterosexuality. This is
clearly done in order to give the citizens the sense of living in an open, free and tolerant
society. Diversity of sex is used as a substitute for diversity of political opinions.
Author Bruce Bawer describes how before the rise of maverick politician Pim Fortuyn[2],
the Dutch political scene had to a great extent been a closed club whose members,
regardless of party affiliation, shared similar views in the widest possible sense. Most of
the journalists belonged to the same club. If the majority of the populace didn't quite
agree with this cozy elite regarding the most sensitive issues - and the most sensitive of
them all was Muslim immigration - this hardly mattered much. Since all those who were
in positions of power and influence were in basic agreement, the will of the people could
safely be ignored.
According to Bawer, "Fortuyn had been an active politician for only a few months but had
already shaken things up dramatically. Before him, Dutch politics had been essentially a
closed club whose members shared broadly similar views on major issues and abhorred
open conflict." Journalists and rival politicians alike - notice how they worked in lockstep -
responded by smearing him "as a right-wing extremist, a racist, a new Mussolini or
Hitler." Indirectly, this led to his murder by a left-wing activist who stated that he killed
Fortuyn on behalf of Muslims because he was "dangerous" to minorities.
Later, the Islam-critic Theo van Gogh was murdered in broad daylight. As Bawer states,
"In 2006, in a crisis that brought down the government, Ms. [Ayaan] Hirsi Ali was
hounded out of Parliament by colleagues desperate to unload this troublemaker. When
she moved to Washington, D.C., last year, polls showed that many Dutchmen wouldn't
miss her. The elite, it seemed, had reasserted its power, and the Dutch people, tired of
conflict, had embraced the status quo ante. (…) Five years ago, Fortuyn inspired
widespread hope and determination. Today, all too many Dutch citizens seem confused,
fearful, and resigned to gradual Islamisation. No wonder many of them — especially the
young and educated — are emigrating to places like Canada, Australia, and New
Zealand."
Pim Fortuyn was indirectly murdered by the political, cultural and media elites whereas
Theo van Gogh was murdered by Muslims. Ayaan Hirsi Ali has been driven from the
country. Islam-critic Geert Wilders is still there , but he is subject to similar smears as
Fortuyn was about being a racist, receives daily threats from Muslims and not-so-subtle
hints from the establishment that he should tone down his criticism of Muslim
immigration. The Dutch spirit appears to have been broken, at least for now, and things
are slowly returning to normal. The extended political elites are once again firmly in
control of public debate, and the embarrassing peasant rebellion has been successfully
struck down.
I've suggested before that native Europeans face three enemies simultaneously when
fighting against the Islamisation of their lands: Enemy 1 is the anti-Western bias of our
media and academia, which is a common theme throughout the Western world. Enemy 2
are Eurabians and EU-federalists, who deliberately break down established nation states
in favor of a pan-European superstate. Enemy 3 are Muslims. The Netherlands from 2001
to 2007 is a clear case in point where enemies 1, 2 and 3 have successfully cooperated
on breaking down the spirit of the native population through intimidation and censorship
and by squashing any opposition to continued mass immigration.
The fact that members of the media and the academia tend to be more, sometimes a lot
more, left-leaning politically than the average populace is well-attested and documented
in the Scandinavian countries. Senior members of the BBC in Britain frankly admit that
they are biased and champion multiculturalism in their coverage. During the 2005 Muslim
riots, it was openly stated by several French journalists that they downplayed the
coverage of the riots because they didn't want it to benefit "right-wing parties." Judging
from anecdotal information it seems fair to assume that this trend is universal throughout
the Western world.
Bill Dedman, investigative reporter at the MSNBC, made a list of American journalists'
political campaign contributions[3] from 2004 through the first quarter of 2007. Of the
143 journalists surveyed, 125 had donated money to the Democratic Party. Only 16 of
them had donated money to the Republican Party or conservative causes, and two to
both parties.
Dr. Chanan Naveh, who used to edit the Israel Broadcasting Authority radio's news desk,
mentioned, with no regrets, examples in which he and his colleagues made a concerted
effort to change public opinion: "Three broadcasters - Carmela Menashe, Shelly
Yechimovich [later a Labour party Knesset Member], and I - pushed in every way
possible the withdrawal from Lebanon towards 2000... I have no doubt that we promoted
an agenda of withdrawal that was a matter of public dispute." As Charles Johnson of
American anti-Jihad blog Little Green Footballs[4] commented: "Journalists are no longer
in the business of simply reporting facts and events; increasingly, they see their job as
'activism,' and the points of view they promote are invariably leftist and transnationalist.
Honest journalists will admit this outright, and we see the pernicious effects of this
information manipulation and filtering everywhere."
But why is the situation like this? One could claim that this is the effect of the Western
Cultural Revolution of the 1960s and 1970s, or alternatively a product of the Cold War.
But if you believe the esteemed Friedrich Hayek, the trend was discernable already in the
late 1940s, before the Cold War had left a major impact. How do we explain that ? One
plausible hypothesis could be to assume that those with conservative viewpoints will
generally direct their energies towards business and commerce, while those with left-
leaning sympathies desire to get into positions where they can influence people's minds.
Over time, this could mean that in an open society, the media , the academia and the
intelligentsia will tend to gravitate towards the political Left and become dominated by
people sympathetic towards Utopian ideas. Because of the positions they have gained,
their political bias will significantly influence what information is presented to the general
masses, and how.
In his essay The Intellectuals and Socialism, Hayek noted already around 1950 that
"Socialism has never and nowhere been at first a working-class movement. It is a
construction of theorists" and intellectuals, "the secondhand dealers in ideas. The typical
intellectual need not possess special knowledge of anything in particular, nor need he
even be particularly intelligent, to perform his role as intermediary in the spreading of
ideas. The class does not consist of only journalists, teachers, ministers, lecturers ,
publicists, radio commentators , writers of fiction , cartoonists, and artists." It also
"includes many professional men and technicians, such as scientists and doctors."
"The most brilliant and successful teachers are today more likely than not to be
socialists." According to Hayek, this is not because Socialists are more intelligent, but
because "a much higher proportion of socialists among the best minds devote themselves
to those intellectual pursuits which in modern society give them a decisive influence on
public opinion. Socialist thought owes its appeal to the young largely to its visionary
character. The intellectual, by his whole disposition, is uninterested in technical details or
practical difficulties. What appeal to him are the broad visions."
He warns that "It may be that as a free society as we have known it carries in itself the
forces of its own destruction, that once freedom has been achieved it is taken for granted
and ceases to be valued, and that the free growth of ideas which is the essence of a free
society will bring about the destruction of the foundations on which it depends. Does this
mean that freedom is valued only when it is lost, that the world must everywhere go
through a dark phase of socialist totalitarianism before the forces of freedom can gather
strength anew? If we are to avoid such a development, we must be able to offer a new
liberal program which appeals to the imagination. We must make the building of a free
society once more an intellectual adventure, a deed of courage."
During a conversation I had with a Swedish friend and a lady who grew up in the
Communist dictatorship of Romania, we concluded that Westerners are at least as
brainwashed by Political Correctness and multiculturalism as they ever were with
Communism. There never was a universally shared belief in multiculturalism in Western
Europe, and the percentage of True Believers is declining by the day. Still, it is probably
accurate to say that more people believed in multiculturalism in Western Europe in 1998
than who believed in communism in Eastern Europe in 1978. But how is that possible?
Ideological indoctrination is most effective if the people maintain the illusion that they are
free and that they are being served balanced information. Citizens in Communist states
knew that they participated in a large-scale social experiment, and since ideological
hegemony was upheld at gunpoint, this left little room for doubt that they were being
served propaganda to shore up support for this project. Yet in the supposedly free West,
we are taking part in a gigantic social experiment of Multiculturalism, seeking to
transform our entire society, and still we refuse to acknowledge that we are being served
ideological nonsense by the media.
The differences, particularly on issues related to Jihad and immigration, between the
information reported in blogs and independent websites[5] and the information
presented to us by the established media are so great that it shocks many ordinary
citizens once it dawns upon them just how much censored propaganda we are spoon-fed
every day. This experience has shattered the myth of free, critical and independent
Western media, at least for some.
In the view of blogger Richard Landes, the media play a critical role in the global Jihad's
success. The major media outlets "are the eyes and ears of modern civil societies.
Without them we cannot know what is going on outside of our personal sphere, with
them we can make our democratic choices in elections, assess foreign policy, and
intervene humanely in the suffering around the globe. But as any paleontologist will tell
you, any creature whose eyes and ears misinform it about the environment, will not long
survive."
This can be compared to being attacked by an angry and hungry polar bear, while your
eyes and ears, the media, tell you that it's a cute koala bear who
just wants to be cuddled. Meanwhile, your brain has been
indoctrinated to think happy thoughts about diversity and smile
to all creatures, regardless of their nature or intentions. This is
pretty much how the entire West is today. The heavy bias of our
media and our education system constitutes a very real threat to
our survival.
Sources:
http://democracyreform.blogspot.com/2007/08/democracy-and-media-bias-by-fjordman.html
1. http://www.thelocal.se/212/
2. http://www.nysun.com/article/53818
3. http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/19113455
4. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=25757_Israeli_Media_Admit_Anti-War_Agenda&only
5. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2108
2.19 a. The EUSSR/USASSR Media hegemony
"[In the West] unpopular ideas can be silenced, and inconvenient facts kept dark, without
any need for an official ban."
George Orwell, UK writer
Why the Western media does not always report everything that is going on in the world.
How language is used to obscure the facts and mold opinion.
Living in Western Europe we are told that the news media (television, newspapers, radio)
are free. It is certainly true that there are few government conspiracies to censor. Unlike
in totalitarian countries, the media is not generally state run or controlled. However this
is not the full story. Because the media is part of the global economy, there are certain
properties that deny readers, viewers and listeners a balanced view of world events.
There are six reasons why a balanced view of world events is not generally received in
the Western European media:
1. 99% of journalists support multiculturalism
This is covered already (see other chapter).
2. Media Ownership
Most newspapers, television and radio stations are owned by large and powerful multi-
national companies.
In the USA, NBC and CBS (two television companies) are owned by international
conglomerates such as General Electric and Westinghouse all supporting globalism and
multiculturalism. Time-Warner and CNN merged in the late 1990s to form one of the
largest news and media monopolies in the world, they too support globalism and
multiculturalism.
Stories that highlight problems related to multiculturalism and globalism are completely
ignored. Stories that help the interests of the media owners and propagate globalism and
multiculturalism are given prominence.
One man, John Malone, owns 23% of the world's cable stations. His Discovery Channel
commissions programs after "market approval" and avoids "controversial subjects". The
phrase "dumbing down" has entered the language as television concentrates on gossip
and celebrity stories rather than serious issues.
The situation is similar in Western Europe. In the UK, News International (a company
mostly owned by Rupert Murdoch) owns several newspapers (including The Times and
The Sun), Sky Television (a major European satellite operator), Star Television (covering
Asia) and publishers like Harper Collins.
In 1998, Rupert Murdoch owned 34% of the daily newspapers and 37% of the Sunday
newspapers in the UK. Successive UK governments have allowed his empire to grow in
return for his media's support.
53% of UK newspaper and magazine distribution is controlled by just two companies, WH
Smith and John Menzies.
Cross-media ownership and the fact that a small number of people own so many of our
means of obtaining information is a threat as it institutionalises globalism and
multiculturalism.
3. Advertising and ratings
"We paid $3 billion for these television stations. We will decide what the news is. The news
is what we tell you it is."
David Boylan, Station Manager WTVT, Tampa,
When the media depends on advertising, the advertisers can exert pressure. A large
media conglomerate may be able to absorb the loss of advertisers but a smaller,
alternative newspaper or radio station may be pushed out of business. Advertisers
frequently use their influence to stop stories detrimental to their interests.
In a 1992 survey in the UK, 150 newspaper editors stated that 90% of their advertisers
had interfered with stories; 70% of the advertisers had tried to stop stories. 40% of the
editors had succumbed to pressure from advertisers and made the changes requested.
In the UK in 1990, new laws meant that TV news had to make a profit. This has led to a
decline in serious news items and more emphasis on "human interest" stories and
celebrity "news". Advertisers want viewers; ratings become more important than giving
information; the news companies abandon investigative journalism to "give the public
what it wants".
Deregulation has meant that requirements to produce in-depth public affairs
programming were removed. Programs that cover "controversial" subjects are screened
at late hours or completely ignored.
As the number of commercial radio stations increases, the output becomes more bland
and more predictable.
4. News Sources
"We have relationships with reporters that have helped us turn some intelligence failure
stories into intelligence success stories. Some responses to the media can be handled in
a ... phone call."
CIA Report
News is often given out by government sources.
Statements, statistics and new policies are introduced in controlled press conferences.
Journalists who consistently question the official line too rigorously may be excluded from
access. This is bad for a newspaper which relies on fast and fresh news.
In a conflict situation, a process called pooling is used to control what information is
given out. A small number of journalists (sometimes only one) are taken by the military
to observe and the news is then shared with other journalists. Journalists who attempt to
obtain news independently can be excluded from future events.
90% of the world's news comes from just three agencies: Associated Press (USA),
Reuters (UK) and Agence France Presse (France), all supporting globalism and
multiculturalism. Associated Press (AP) and Reuters make large profits selling financial
and corporate information. The "free market" view of the world is thus very profitable.
Alternate views can lose the companies money so are rarely aired.
In television, news is supplied by four main agencies: Reuters and the BBC (from the UK)
and World Television Network (WTN) and CNN (from the USA), all supporting globalism
and multiculturalism. Reuters supplies over 400 broadcasters in 85 countries and reaches
an audience of 500 million people. WTN supplies news to 3,000 million people.
All the above agencies support multiculturalism and globalism. News critical of multiculti
and globalism is rarely allowed to be distributed.
As the internet is a good source of alternative news, it is expected that the
EUSSR/USASSR hegemony is likely to make a push to limit alternative coverage in the
coming decades.
5. Negative Responses
Western European multiculturalist regimes actively put their policies across by using their
loyal subjects the MSM, briefings, interviews and publications.
It is impossible to effectively criticize the multiculturalist MSM hegemony as they make
out 98% of the news companies and control 95% of the news distribution in Western
Europe. Alternative news distribution on the internet (5% and increasing) is under attack
as well and it is likely that new EUSSR “hate laws” will make it illegal to criticise
multiculturalism and Islam in the future.
6. Demonisation and Use of Language
"There are certain facts and stories from Korea that editors and publishers have printed
which were pure fabrications... Many of us who sent the stories knew they were false, but
we had to write them because they were official releases from responsible military
headquarters and were released for publication even though the people responsible knew
they were untrue."
Robert C Miller, United Press correspondent during the Korean War.
Nationalists/conservatives are always portrayed in a de-humanising manner.
Dissident views are undermined by demonising the people or organisations that have
these views.
Smear campaign describing right wing dissidents as “Fascist Geert”, etc. is common on a
pan-European, national and local level. The views of patriots/nationalists are always
undermined by depicting them as freaks (negative highlights from their past will be used,
or will be created).
Certain phrases are used to hide or distort dissident views. Dissident views are described
as extreme and those who hold these views as extremists. Others are labelled as racists,
fascists, Nazis, conspiracy theorists, militants or other disparaging names. Their views
are meant to be ignored and are rarely argued against coherently.
When persecution is undertaken and intensified in the future by the Western European
multiculturalist regimes, the opponents are demonised and the action justified by using a
phrase such as: War on Fascism
Forces resisting the illegal Western European multiculturalist regimes are described as
terrorists or right wing extremists. The phase indigenous resistance, resistance fighter is
never as this would indicate a general resistance to the multiculturalist regimes.
2.19 b. The Western European multiculturalist regimes subsidise
multiculturalist newspapers
People should be aware of the methods used by the Western European cultural
Marxist/multiculturalist regimes covertly subsidises its propaganda channels; the MSM
(mainstream media). The so called “free press” in Western Europe is a myth and has
never existed, despite our regimes unwavering efforts to tell us that this is the case. In
many (if not all) Western European countries, only newspapers who support
multiculturalism receives subsidy by the national regime and this has often been the case
since the ideology of cultural Marxism/multiculturalism was implemented in the 50s, 60s
or 70s (depending on country). For Norway and Sweden it has existed since the 70s.
The following overview documents how the multiculturalist regime in Norway subsidises
multiculturalist propaganda newspapers (MSM) under an arrangement which can only
resemble that of the former USSR. And yet, the Western European regimes dare calling
themselves democratic. All newspaper opposing or critical of multiculturalism has by
default lost any opportunity to receive the same subsidies resulting in a scenario where
they struggle to provide efficient distribution for their products and thus for the
marketing of their world view. The end result of this policy is that all media companies
feel inclined to adapt to and adopt a multiculturalist view (a majority adapted to and
adopted the “state view” during the 70s and 80s). These state subsidy arrangements is
one of several reasons why there are now extremely few newspapers in Western Europe
who are critical of multiculturalism. In many countries, such as Norway and Sweden,
there isn’t a single newspaper representing the cultural conservatives…! The following
guide illustrates how the Norwegian cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regime
undemocratically subsidises the MSM to ensure that they remain loyal and forward the
globalist/cultural Marxist/multiculturalist world view of the Norwegian Labour Party. I
have not been able to create similar overviews for all Western European countries but I
know similar practices exist in several countries.
The following overview illustrates how the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist
elites of Norway fund their propaganda channels:
Newspapers in support of
cultural
Marxism/multiculti
Daily Distribution
(2009)
Direct Subsidy
(2009 - Euro)
Indirect Subsidy*
(1999 - Euro)
VG 262 374 26 875 000
Aftenposten 243 188 15 750 000
Dagbladet 105 255 15 125 000
Dagsavisen 31 400 4 800 000 1 750 000
Bergens Tidende 83 086 5 250 000
Adresseavisen 75 835 4 625 000
Bergensavisen 29 300 4 200 000 1 750 000
Vårt Land 27 000 4 500 000 1 500 000
Stavanger Aftenblad 65 298 3 625 000
Smaller publications in support of multiculti and other left wing extremist publications receiving direct or
indirect financial support from the cultural Marxist/multicultural regime of Norway
Nationen 16 000 3 125 000
Klassekampen 11 400 2 625 000 (Marxist extremist views)
Rogalands Avis 12 500 1 500 000
Dagen 10 700 1 250 000
Newspapers in opposition to the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist world view
Norge IDAG Lost subsidy in
2008
Conservative Christian newspaper
Document.no Not applied as they will never be approved
* - indirect subsidy means that the newspapers do not have to pay sales tax on their products.
Source: Numbers for direct/indirect subsidies are from 1999, daily publishing numbers are from
2009 but are not far from 1999 numbers http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pressest%C3%B8tte
This above financial compensation, referred to as “press subsidy” (pressestøtte) is only
given to certain companies after approval by the Norwegian Department of Culture, or
more specifically: the Norwegian Media Authority (Medietilsynet) which council consists of
cultural Marxist/multiculturalist members.
It is well known among Norwegian right wing political “dissidents” that the specific
committee in this department has a very hostile view on all entities in opposition to
multiculturalism. The only right wing newspaper, Norge IDAG (Christian) lost their
subsidy in 2008, because the cultural Marxist committee in the Department of Culture
decided that it was “best this way”.
I have not had the capacity to research all Western European countries when it comes to
public subsidy of newspapers/news agencies in support of multiculturalism but I assume
that equivalent systems have been set up by the other Western European regimes.
Protecting their press/propaganda hegemony is one of their primary goals and is a
concealed form of dictatorship rule which is unknown to 90% of patriotic Europeans.
The MA 100 alliance will do everything in their power to prevent the truth from coming
out.
2.20 Pro Muslim media strategies
The following article from the Norwegian News corporation, VG, dated November 20th is
a typical example of so called “free journalism” in Western Europe. The article shows two
vandalised Muslim graves, allegedly perpetrated by Jews.
Jewish settlers vandalised mosque in Hebron – 20.11.08
http://www.vg.no/nyheter/utenriks/midtosten/artikkel.php?artid=534113
What’s typical with these articles is that they are quite carefully chosen by an unknown
journalist in VG and are often just taken from larger news databases, in this case NTB.
The journalist hasn’t signed this article so it is impossible for us to track which individual
was responsible for this action but he obviously got the approval of VG management.
This propaganda warfare has been ongoing for decades in Western Europe.
Now, when we check the Islamist database over Jihadi attacks that day located here:
http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/attacks-2008.htm
it shows that 28 individuals were killed in 5 different Jihadi attacks that day.
Let’s summarise the attacks:
Date Country Area Killed Injured Comment
2008.11.20 Pakistan Swat 1 0 A local man is murdered by the Taliban for helping a
Chinese engineer escape abduction.
2008.11.20 Pakistan Bajau
r
9 6 A suicide bomber enters a rival mosque and takes out
nine innocents.
2008.11.20 Afghanistan Khost 8 13 A Fedayeen suicide bomber detonates outside an office
building, sending eight Afghans to Allah.
2008.11.20 Iraq Kut 5 0 Sunni extremists invade a home and kill five residents,
including children.
2008.11.20 Iraq Mosul 5 0 Two women are among five people murdered by
terrorists while sitting in their vehicle.
Those were only the Muslim atrocities documented by that website alone. You can most
likely add that a 100-200 native Europeans were either murdered, raped, beaten or
robbed by Muslims living in Europe that day but these kind of attacks are not politically
correct to report.
The fact that Western Journalists again and again systematically ignores serious Muslim
attacks and rather focus on the Jews only adds to the stockpile of proof that all Western
journalists support the EU’s Eurabia project, their enemy (based on coverage) is the
Israeli and also often the Russian government.
Western European journalists, editors and publishers are guilty of facilitating Muslim
crime (Jihad) by underreporting it.
These few examples of pro-Muslim propaganda illustrates that the Western European
population are spoon fed with inaccuracies every single day. There are thousands of
similar cases on a yearly basis. Obviously, not all articles about Islam are positive, but
there is a disproportional balance that indirectly or directly protects Islam. Jihadi attacks
are systematically covered up, ignored or toned down by Western journalists. There are
more than 50 Jihadi terrorist attacks per month (on civilian targets, mostly non-
Muslims). Yet, we only hear about one or two of these, usually accompanied with a
similar dose of anti Israel/Russian propaganda to create an illusion that non-Muslims are
just as “bad” as all the Muslim nuts combined.
Jihadi attacks per month
50 Jihadi attacks on non Muslims (Usually on native Europeans and in Thailand,
Philippines, China, Dagestan, Chechnya, Turkey, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Somalia, Algeria).
Several examples are classical Jihadi beheadings (not in Europe). Not to mention the
outreach of contemporary slavery of Christians, Hindus in Muslim countries. There are
thousands of examples of non-Muslim slaves in Muslim countries (who are slaves because
they refuse to embrace Islam) and Western journalists are systematically ignoring it.
Furthermore, there are several hundred thousand Christians and Animists in Sudan who
have been systematically killed in the greatest modern Jihad in the 21 st century, with
funding of Saudi Arabia and even the US. Why do the journalists refuse to document
these atrocities?
The answer is simple. Telling the truth would undermine multiculturalism (the
Islamisation of Europe).
Western journalists and the UN are ignoring the biggest Jihadi genocide of modern times
and usually only focus on the Congo conflict instead (the Ummah isn’t involved here so
it’s a “politically correct” issue).
Ministerial orders not to use specific words – Muslim, crime, terrorist etc.
There are several guides in “political correctness” that have to be followed by media
companies and parliamentarians in some Western European countries.
An eight-page Whitehall guide lists words they should not use when talking about terrorism
in public and gives politically correct alternatives.
They are told not to refer to Muslim extremism as it links Islam to violence. Instead, they
are urged to talk about terrorism or violent extremism.
Fundamentalist and Jihadi are also banned because they make an "explicit link" between
Muslims and terror.
Ministers should say criminals, murderers or thugs instead. Radicalisation must be called
brainwashing and talking about moderate or radical Muslims is to be avoided as it "splits
the community".
Islamophobia is also out as it is received as "a slur that singles out Muslims".
The guide, produced by the secretive Research,
Information and Communications Unit in the Home Office,
tell ministers to "avoid implying that specific communities
are to blame" for terrorism. It says more than 2,000
people are engaged in terror plots.
The guidance was branded "daft" last night by a special
adviser to ex-Communities Secretary Hazel Blears. Paul
Richards said: "Unless you can describe what you're up
against, you're never going to defeat it. Ministers need to
be leading the debate on Islamic extremism and they can't
do that if they have one hand tied behind their back."
The Home Office said: "This is about using appropriate
language to have counter-terrorism impact. It would be foolish to do anything else."
Source:
http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/2759618/Ministers-told-Dont-call-Islamic-extremists-Islamic-extremists.html
2.21 Questions and polls your government and news agencies have disallowed
Ask yourself, why haven’t the following polls and questions been raised and presented to
Europeans?
1. Do you support mass Muslim immigration?
2. Do you support the Islamisation of Europe?
3. Do you trust your government’s statistics provided and their intentions in regards to mass
Muslim immigration?
4. Do you support the implementation of the EU’s Eurabia project?
5. Do you want Europe to merge with the Islamic world?
6. Do you see the Islamisation as a threat to European cultures and to the future stability of
Europe?
7. Do you support the building of mosques in Europe as long as it is illegal to build Churches
in Saudi Arabia and other Islamic countries?
8. Would you support expelling Muslims if it was proven that they preached hate or
intolerance towards non-Muslims?
9. Would you support revoking citizenship of Muslims if it was proved that they acted hateful
towards and conspiring against non-Muslims?
10. Would you support your government and military if they attempted to stop the current
Islamic demographic warfare (through mass Muslim immigration and average birth rates of
3-4) being waged on Europe by the Global Islamic Ummah?
11. Would you support the deportation of Muslims from Europe if it was proved that they were
involved in Islamic demographic warfare (through mass Muslim immigration and average
birth rates of 3-4) against Europe?
12. Would you support the creation of armed resistance groups if it was proven that your
government and other elected officials conspired against the people by implementing an
ideology (multiculturalism) whose purpose is the eradication of European culture,
traditions, European identity, Christendom (cultural genocide) and by allowing Islamic
demographic warfare (indirect genocide of Europeans)?
13. Would you support pre-emptive strikes initiated by these armed resistance groups against
your government if it was proven that they (and the majority of parliament) conspired
against the people by implementing an ideology whose purpose is the eradication of
European culture (cultural genocide) and by allowing Islamic demographic warfare (indirect
genocide of Europeans)?
Everyone knows how the majority would respond if these questions or polls were
presented.
An overwhelming NO, to question 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7 and an overwhelming YES to 6, 8, 9,
10, 11, 12, 13
This is the reason why NO news agency or government institutions have presented these
questions or polls. It is beyond doubt that the Western European governments have
systematically acted against the wishes of the majority of Europeans for decades (by
systematically acting deceitful). And they plan to continue to do so until ethnic Europeans
are no longer the majority.
2.22 Dealing with journalists - authorising your own character assassination by
the multiculturalist PC press.
When being confronted, approach all journalists with extreme prejudice. Several
overviews confirm that Western European journalists are not representative of the
opinion of the people but instead represent a cultural Marxist, humanist and globalist
world view. A Norwegian poll conducted in 2009 showed that 98% of Norwegian
journalism students supported political parties in support of multiculturalism[1] (whereas
only 50% of the native population show support), 70%+ support socialist parties
(whereas only 50% of the native population show support). As cultural conservatives and
anti-multiculturalists we are by default perceived as enemies and we should be aware of
this prior to any encounter. European news agencies are not objective in any way, they
are not free. Instead, journalists should be considered as multiculturalist political warriors
and overwhelmingly left wing political activists with a clear and defined political agenda
working systematically to contribute to safeguard the political doctrines of
multiculturalism and political correctness in general. As a cultural conservative, agreeing
to interviews unconditionally would be the same as authorising your own “character
assassination”. They will cross cut any given interview and label you as a racist, fascist or
Nazi. If there are no links to racists, fascists or Nazis they will create these links. F
example, they will review all your facebook contacts and actively look for anyone or
anything (even small insignificant factors) in order to link you to anything or anyone
racist, fascist or nazi. If you are perceived as a political threat they will even go as far as
trying to label you as a paedophile or an insane person. When they have decided to kill
your character (or rather the credibility of your name) they will most likely succeed. They
have done this with tens of thousands of European political dissidents already (cultural
conservatives) and they will continue with this efficient method. That is their purpose. Do
not forget it and do not allow them to succeed. These are some of the reasons why
journalists are so dangerous.
As we all know, Western Europe today lacks the balance of cultural conservative news
agencies. A majority of countries do not have any objective agencies but are rather
completely monopolised by multiculturalist agencies or rather political entities. Unless
you are a master at this game you should never give direct interviews and you should
never agree to give interviews unconditionally. In order to protect yourself you should
create clear and concise conditions before giving comments to the press. These
conditions must be signed on behalf of the news agency (not just the specific journalist)
and must apply to all future use of the specific given comments or interview.
An example on the conditions given to a news agency:
The journalist of xxx company can present five question he/she feels are relevant (these
questions will most likely attempt to undermine you or your cause or will provoke you to
give sensitive comments which can later be quoted out of context). The individual giving
the interview will present the digital cover images and five questions (which will
indirectly/directly defend his cause or actions). All answers are forwarded in writing (after
the questions have been forwarded to the interview object and approved by both
parties).
The answers (given by the individual interviewed) to each of the ten questions must be
published without alteration. If you allow the news agency to provide the images they will
usually select unflattering samples with the goal of acknowledging few or no good
aspects of the interview object.
If the journalist does not agree to these terms there will be no interview. These
conditions must be signed by the journalist on behalf of the news agency and must be
included in the bottom of the interview (comments given in this interview are not allowed
to be quoted out of context or given entity will be sued).
This agreement in writing should be confirmed by the individual’s lawyer or any neutral
third party.
I see tens of examples of cultural conservatives who annually “trust the good judgment
of the journalist and ends up being severely ridiculed and damaged as he/she is being
perceived as a bigot. There are too many people out there who indirectly authorise their
own “character assassination”.
Learn who your enemies are and learn to play the game!
Source:
1. http://www.document.no/2009/05/intet_nytt_blant_norske_journa.html
2.23 Understanding the fundaments behind multiculturalism; From Titans To
Lemmings: The Suicide of Europe
By Reconquista
Comment on - From Titans To Lemmings – Part 2 (by author of 2083):
The following essay includes an assessment and conclusions around the anti-European or
“anti-white” racist aspects of multiculturalism. At first, I hesitated to include anything
including the word race, white or ethnicity, mainly because I instinctively dislike writing
about anything related to these words. I was brought up that way (indoctrinated in a
multiculturalist system for 30 years to be more precise). Partly, I also convinced myself
originally that I was first and foremost against Islam, and that writing about skin colour
(or multiculturalism for that matter) would only complicate this fight. In this regard I
attempted to replace the term with more compromising expressions: the words culture,
native European or ethnic group.
However, after thinking about it for some time, I find that very few of the arguments
against certain terms hold true. I am tired of ideological censorship. We can’t really
ignore some terms entirely if we are to make a completely honest evaluation and
understand the anti-European or “anti-white” aspects of multiculturalism. In many cases,
it is simply impossible to replace the term with less “offensive” words. Generally speaking
though, Europeans usually identify using the word “European” and not white, which is
rather the preferred word in the US. The author makes several good points and it’s
essential that you read it in order to understand many aspects of multiculturalism
(European/white guilt complex). Western nations can never mount a defence against
Muslim colonisation/invasion if this is always dismissed as “racism.” But above all, if you
believe that non-white racism exists, it is actually immoral not to deal with the problem
and its victims. I am convinced that not just non-white, but especially anti-white racism
is real and a very underestimated phenomena.
Background
In the first part of this series of essays about the suicide of Europe, I stated that what is
happening to the indigenous peoples of Western Europe and our cultures - amounts to a
merciless and bloody genocide. Amazingly, it is a genocide in which many members of
the native Europeans are playing a willing and active part and I posed a question:
How can a culture that created the greatest and most advanced societies in human
history, societies that held the highest hope for the whole of mankind, reach a point
where its future survival is now threatened?
The Judeo-Christian religions played an important and influential role in building the once
mighty West but we also discovered that these religions contained a serious flaw that has
sewed the seeds of the suicidal demise of the indigenous peoples of Western Europe and
our cultures. This flaw was identified by the brilliant German philosopher Friedrich
Nietzsche who described it as "an inversion of morality" whereby the weak, the poor,
the meek, the oppressed and the wretched are virtuous and blessed by God whereas the
strong, the wealthy, the noble and the powerful are the immoral and damned by the
vengeful almighty Yahweh for eternity.
Nietzsche, with great insight and perception, stated that Christianity would be abandoned
en masse in the twentieth century but that Westerners would still cling to this inversion
of morality. I then described how Marxists and Liberals exploit this inversion of morality
by creating large numbers of "victim groups", groups who form minorities in Western
society but whose "victim status" is used to dictate morality to the majority. In Western -
European - societies, the weak now lead the strong, indeed, the game being played in
these societies is not to make the weak strong it is to make the strong weak.
Should any person have the temerity to criticise any one of these "victim" groups, they
will be viciously smeared and deemed guilty of numerous hate-crimes, the new heresy of
the Liberal-Multicultural religion. The plain fact that this situation is destroying the west
because it flies in the face of Mother nature - a catastrophic mistake only the native
Europeans are committing - matters not a jot to these new pious inquisitors.
Multiculturalists prosecute their self-righteous moral crusade by proudly championing the
cause of anybody who they deem to be weak and oppressed. Blinded by smug piety or
driven by hatred for their own, they march the indigenous peoples of Western Europe and
our cultures into the abyss as they vigorously and myopically pursue one of the most
unnatural, childish and ultimately futile illusions ever created in human history:
Gold At The End Of The Rainbow
The core principle of liberals and multiculturalists is that everybody is equal. In the fluffy
bunny la-la land of these vain zealots, the sexes are equal; all ethnic groups are equal;
all sexuality is equal; all children are equal and children are equal to adults; animals are
equal to humans; all cultures are equal and all religions are equal. For anybody to
discriminate against anybody else and assert superiority is to establish inequality and
inequality simply must not - indeed will not - be tolerated.
This is the utopian fantasy world of the lion lying down with the lamb in the eternal
tranquillity of  . A futile, self-destructive pursuit of the unattainable that
requires a denial of the competitive reality of life on planet earth and a continual
inversion of morality in a doomed attempt to put right the "mistakes" committed by
Mother Nature.
The pursuit of equality can be accurately summed up in a very short sentence: Pursuing
equality is to clash with Mother nature. Nature abhors a vacuum but she also abhors
equality and this is easily demonstrated.
Look at males and females. Are all males equal? Some males possess physical strength
while others are physically weak. Some are tall, some short and some in-between. Some
men possess the courage of a lion, others the courage of a French toy poodle. Some
possess great intelligence and inquiring minds, some the gifts of craftsmanship, a lucky
few possess both and sadly, many will possess neither. Some men are born to lead,
others born to follow.
Equality is just as scarce among the fairer sex. There are beautiful women who can turn
the heads of every red-blooded male and others who go about their daily business
without raising a single admiring glance. There are women who want to be home-makers
and mothers who have many children, others place their careers before all else and do
not want a family. We have women who are active and love sport, others who prefer a
more sedentary lifestyle. Then there are women who are feisty and bubbly, others who
are quiet and shy. Of course, there are many more differences between people but the
point is made.
Like it or not, men are in the main, physically stronger than women and nature has
evolved the sexes for different tasks that ensure human survival just as nature does with
all species. All men are not equal, all women are not equal and the sexes are not and
never can be equal. This does not mean that any one is any better or has more value as
a human being than any other and to suggest so is disingenuous, spiteful and born from
bitter resentment. Inequality among and between species is simply the way life is on
planet earth for all species including humans.
Take feminism as an example. Feminists claim that women have been victims of men,
that men have oppressed women for centuries and that the sexes are equal. Denying this
will result in the smears "misogynist" and "male chauvinist pig". But equalising the sexes
has led to a crippling feminisation of Western society and I will elaborate upon this vitally
important issue next time. But portraying women as oppressed victims and the equals of
males is one example of how the pursuit of equality is being used to destroy our society
and undermine - and therefore be in conflict with - Mother nature.
Trivial Pursuit
The pursuit of equality becomes even more futile when applied to equality of ethnic
groups. If I say:
"The black African is, by and large, physically stronger than other races and in sports,
blacks generally make the best boxers and the best sprinters and long distance runners,
I will get nods of agreement. "
But if I say: "Whites are generally more intelligent and creative than blacks and have,
throughout human history, solved the problems presented to the human race by Mother
nature far more effectively than blacks have", I will be vilified as a racist.
Yet both statements are firmly grounded in fact.
It's a similar story with religion. If I say: "Judaism and Christianity are two religions
whose morality and values took mankind further than any other religion and they are
largely peaceful and tolerant religions", it would be difficult to disagree with me.
But if I say: "Islam is an evil, retarded and supremacist death-cult that refuses to afford
women and unbelievers respect and the most basic of human rights because Islam
advocates violence to force submission to Allah", I will be smeared as an "Islamophobe"
and a "racist".
Not only that, I will then be - as I have been many times - subjected to the ordeal of
listening to a demented liberal blow hard irrationally shrieking that all religions are equal,
that Judaism and Christianity also have their violent fanatics and that it's all a question of
"interpretation".
A pack of lies and distortions follow all to support the childish Liberal fantasy of equality,
exactly in keeping with Nietzsche's description of inverting morality so as to always
portray the strong West as ignoble by asserting that it only became powerful by
oppressing other people. The Crusades in particular being the favoured "trump card" in
debates about Islam even though the Crusades came in response to the massacre of
Byzantine Christians by Muslim jihadists who were surely "extremists who were not
representative of the Islamic faith."
But facts are discounted at will by devout Liberal-Multicultural disciples. They simply have
to be otherwise their utopian fantasy world of equality completely collapses.
Smearing opponents and resorting to outright lies and distortions of history is a
necessary tactic to impose equality and it is a strategy that exposes the weakness of
those who pursue this asinine fantasy. Attempting to impose equality is a wilful denial of
reality as it places ideology before hard evidence. For Liberal do-gooders, the fantasy of
equality comes before all else therefore, unable to rely on facts and totally enslaved by
their devotion to a deeply-flawed ideology, Liberal-Multiculturalists will outright lie and
viciously smear people who dare to question or deny equality and place reality first.
If unsuccessful in their attempt to silence dissenters, the threat of violence leading to
actual mob violence will also be deployed as we have seen recently after the BNP's
success in the European elections.
Such irrational behaviour is much more than plain stupidity, it is concrete evidence of
psychological illness on a grand scale and it is a mental illness only affecting the people
of the white race as other races and cultures know full well the entirely natural order of
inequality.
Just how mentally ill the Liberal-Multiculturalists really are will now become clear
throughout the rest of this essay.
One Way Street
There is a glaring fact about Multiculturalism and its "all races and cultures are equal"
mantra:
Why is it that only the West plays the Multicultural game?
If all races are equal, why aren't the Chinese, the Japanese, the Koreans, the
Arabs, the Pakistanis, the Indians, the Africans all accepting masses of
immigrants into their lands and allowing alien cultures and religions to be of
equal importance to their own?
However, they do play the Multicultural game of equality but only when they leave their
own lands to invade, colonise and pilfer the affluent West. Back in their countries of
origin, their cultures, their religions and their way of life all come first and equality -
between the sexes, between the races and between cultures - is as rare as hen's teeth!
If you doubt this, go and look for lobby groups and minority groups demanding that
white people be treated as equals in South Africa, Zimbabwe and the Middle East. And
talking of South Africa, go see if you can find blacks turning on their own people and
demonising them as "racists" for the diabolical way blacks are persecuting whites and
massacring the Boers (3060 massacred already – [1]). Odd that such guilt-ridden Liberal
groups only exist in the West isn't it?
There's more. Let's ask some more simple questions:
If all ethnical groups and all cultures are equal, why is it black Africans, Afro-Caribbean
blacks, Pakistanis, Indians, Chinese, and Eastern Europeans want to abandon their own
lands en masse to live in the lands of the West?
I mean if we're all truly equal, why does the rest of the world want to live the Western
lifestyle, a lifestyle created in the main by white people? Just why exactly, do they want
to be part of capitalism, run businesses, work for the white man's industries, claim the
white man's welfare and buy and use goods created by the creativity and ingenuity of
Western - white - people?
Why flock to another land, abandoning your own people for what the white man has
created? It can't be because other races are unable to build strong, advanced societies
because we're all equal aren't we? So therefore it must be to enjoy the lifestyle and the
culture that the white man has created which is logically to admit human races and their
cultures are most definitely not equal.
And what about the people who want to migrate to the West from the third-world but
who cannot? This is yet more evidence of the lunacy of "we're all equal" because the
strong are leaving the weak behind which just makes these already weak societies even
weaker. This is the only equality: That as mass immigration floods the West the West
becomes weaker and resembles more and more the weak third-world.
And why-oh-why does the world want to play sports that form an integral part of white
Western culture, sports such as football, rugby, cricket, boxing? If all cultures are equal
why don't other races stick with their own systems of business and commerce and play
their own sports? Surely no one in their right minds would say that their own systems of
trade and commerce and their own sports aren't as good as Western sports - that'd be
stating inequality exists and that the West is superior and we can't have that, oh no.
Conversely, why isn't there mass immigration from the West to Africa, China, the Middle
East? Come on, if all races and all cultures and all religions were truly equal then this
would be blatantly obvious to the rest of the world who would be falling over themselves
to welcome masses of immigrants from all over the world into their lands to enrich their
people with the delights of diversity in the name of equality and multiculturalism.
And besides, mass immigration is fantastically "good for the economy" so surely Africa,
The Middle East, China, India, Pakistan and Eastern Europe would benefit enormously
from allowing hordes of immigrants from all over the world but especially the advanced
UK and Europe to live in their lands, with housing, benefits and information explaining
how to claim for their entitlements published in 30 different languages all provided free
of charge so they can settle there and enrich native communities with their religions,
traditions and cultures and bring a much needed boost to their flagging economies.
This would make their less advanced societies stronger and equal to those of the affluent
West too. Can you hear a bell ring after reading this paragraph?
Let me spell it out for you loudly and clearly: If the people - whites - of the West have
created the most advanced, affluent and just societies, wouldn't it be bloody obvious for
third-world nations to begin programmes of mass-immigration from Europe so
immigrants can create in the third-world the very same prosperous societies people from
the third-world are flocking to in their millions? But that kinsman, is not the Multicultural
game. Not by a long chalk it isn't.
And well, it's funny how people from the West don't appear to be rushing to live the
African tribal lifestyle and adopt the African tribal culture. Not so funny when you realise
that black Africans have brought this violent tribal lifestyle with its hatred for other tribes
to the doorstep of Westerners. Better not mention this somewhat inconvenient fact about
African tribal culture though. You don't want the pious, fanatical Liberal-Multicultural
inquisitors accusing you of suggesting that black African gangs - sorry, tribes - treat each
other in a way that falls a long way short of equality. What are you anyway, some kind of
racist?
Let me share something else with you. It is very, very easy to be pious about equality
and multiculturalism when you live in an advanced, wealthy society. It is far less easy to
eulogise about Multiculturalism and equality when you live in a violent, unjust and less
advanced poverty-stricken society. Maybe this explains why we don't see many ranting
Multicultural disciples demanding the imposition of equality in countries such as Iran.
They know as well as you do what would happen if they tried to. Such is the folly of
claiming equality between peoples and cultures.
And there's even more folly about this ridiculous pursuit of equality.
A Very Unequal Equality
Not only is multiculturalism a one-way street with the rest of the world flocking into the
West and changing it dramatically whilst the nations of these immigrants retain their
identities and cultures, the doctrine of Multiculturalism is only ever applied against
Western - make that white - people.
Identity politics is a good example of this. Blacks, Jews, Muslims, Sikhs, Hindus, Chinese,
Pakistanis, Indians - all of these people and more are allowed to form their own special
groups with the aim of protecting and furthering their own interests based entirely on
race or creed.
Yet if indigenous Westerners form their own special interest group - for example The
British National Party or the Belgian Vlaams Belang - they will be outrageously and
hypocritically vilified as "racists" and "fascists" yet not once has any other identity group
- for example the Black Police Officer's Association or even better, the Muslim
Council of Britain, an organisation which promotes one of the most evil and
supremacist ideologies ever created by mankind - ever been vilified as "racists" or
"fascists".
And what may I ask, is so equal about the "Music of Black Origin" awards? Strange that
sanctimonious Liberals screaming "racists!" are curiously absent at this overtly racist,
unequal event isn't it?
Yet the slightest excuse to label whites as "racist" is continually sought. Even toddlers
who refuse to eat spicy food in nurseries end up facing the wrath of the puritanical
Multicultural inquisitors who will insist the parents make their family more "racially aware
and sensitive towards other races and cultures."
Tellingly, when black gang members stab each other or gang rape a white teenage girl or
when Muslim jihadists blow up buses and trains filled with innocent people the first
concern of the guardians of multiculturalism will be to minimise the racial aspect of these
events - i.e. deny the reality - and lame excuses such as "it's because of poverty" or the
Marxist classic "it's because they are oppressed by an institutionally racist society" will be
spewed out by these simpering Liberal apologists.
Yet conversely, if a group of white men were to gang rape a black teenage girl - well, you
know exactly how this would be depicted as well as I do.
You tell me - how can equality exist in Liberal-Multicultural la-la land if the standards
promoted by Liberals are only ever applied towards whites? This blatant and
contradictory application occurs because these self-righteous Multiculturalists firmly
believe that only white people can be racist because whites are always depicted as strong
and powerful and other races are always portrayed as oppressed victims. So Liberal-
Multiculturalists knowingly, deliberately and therefore treacherously distort, misrepresent
and outright lie about racist or violent acts committed by non-whites.
How obvious does it have to be for them to realise that this is hard evidence, clear proof
of the folly of pursuing equality between the races? Because if we were all equal wouldn't
other races be upholding, promoting and living by these universally moral Multicultural
standards of equality and be keen to see them applied to their own racists and criminals?
But as we know, facts don't matter, only the fantasy of equality for all does.
This double standard is also evident on the world political stage. Why is it we see leaders
from the West fawning over the third-world, uttering trite and meaningless platitudes
along with grovelling apologies for how badly the West has behaved throughout history?
Isn't it strange how these leaders, elected in the West on policies of multiculturalism and
racial equality never, ever promote these policies to people of the third world? For
example, not once has any Western leader made a speech to the Middle East saying:
"We now live in a Multicultural global society. The Arabian peoples of the Middle East must
come to realise that all people are equal and must allow people of all colours and all faiths
to build communities and settle in peace in your countries. The present attitude of Muslims
towards women and peoples of other faiths is racist and oppressive, it is an apartheid that
must end and the international community demands an end to this injustice."
Isn't that more or less what the West said about South Africa and Rhodesia? A Marxist-
Liberal West who piously demanded an end to apartheid backed up with the imposition of
sanctions from the UN and exclusion from the world's sporting community.
If we're all truly equal, then shouldn't the Middle East - and other non-multicultural
nations - also be treated in the same way? And in such nations I include the modern
South Africa, "The Rainbow Nation", where under black rule the Marxist ANC are viciously
persecuting whites and where the Boers are facing a murderous genocide and where
poignantly, let's not forget, many black people are now suffering far more than they ever
did under apartheid.
It is so obvious even a blind man from planet blind could see it: Multiculturalism and the
fantasy world of equality only apply to the West and it is applied using exactly the moral
inversion predicted by Nietzsche that we have been discussing in these essays. It is a
widespread madness that is, without doubt, leading the entire white race into the abyss.
A Grand Deception
The folly of multiculturalism and its mantra of equality is one of the biggest con-tricks
ever played on a people. All of the main political parties promote Multiculturalism, the
corrupt EUSSR is working to enforce equality and multiculturalism by law, all of the
Western media with very few exceptions endorse Multiculturalism and of course, most of
the worshipped, fame-craving celebrities in the West also support multiculturalism and
this really should clue one in as to how absolutely ridiculous the pursuit of equality is.
Here we have an elite group of people who are waxing lyrical about Multiculturalism and
equality yet they do not live or act as equals. From corrupt, thieving politicians who
abuse the trust of the very people who voted for them by stealing tax payer's money to
line their own greedy pockets, to self-righteous, condescending idiots like Billy Bragg
and Ross Kemp who continually brand BNP supporters as "racists and fascists" yet do
not live in "enriched" Multicultural towns such as Glodwick, Leicester or Brixton. These
hypocrites are the modern day "do as I say not as I do" ranting preachers of the Liberal-
Multicultural religion. They are living proof that some people not only are more equal
than others but firmly BELIEVE they are more equal than others.
They talk the talk to get what they want, they sure as hell do not walk the walk and they
have no intention of so doing. Equality is not for them and they have made that
abundantly clear.
And the gullible and the naive masses lap up every drop of this putrid Multicultural vomit
spoon-fed to them by an elite who hold their own people in utter contempt and who see
the people as useful-idiots and cash-cows to be milked for all they're worth. But delirious
Liberal-Multiculturalists blinded by their own self-righteousness fall for the con and
enslave themselves to the Liberal-Multicultural ideology and engage in a futile, childish
and self-destructive pursuit of equality at the behest of their profiteering, deceitful
masters. They'd have more success finding a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
Such is the questionable mental state of Liberal-Multiculturalists and their conviction in
equality of races, cultures and sexes. They are completely blind to the fact that those
who are promoting and preaching the virtues of multiculturalism and equality simply
don't live it. The privileged elite who have brought Multiculturalism to the West could
afford to conduct an experiment on society and not suffer the consequences of their
stupidity and hypocrisy. Many of them have made fortunes by promoting and enforcing
this evil, unnatural ideology that is dismantling British communities and destroying
Western societies.
It simply doesn't occur to the devout Liberal disciples that it's ever so easy to feel pity for
other people and spout equality and multiculturalism when you live in a country mansion,
eat the finest foods, drive a Bentley and luxuriate in the celebrity lifestyle.
It's also easy for upper middle-class Liberals living in leafy suburbs and safe, decent
neighbourhoods, who drive nice cars, wear the trendiest designer clothes and eulogise
about the wonders of Multiculturalism at dinner parties because they've dined at
Armenian and Japanese restaurants, regularly order home-delivered curries from the
nearest Pakistani sweet shop and send fifty quid to "Africans In Need Yet Again" charities
twice a year. For these mollycoddled strangers to reality, that is the meaning of
multiculturalism and equality.
They are blissfully unaware of the benefits of diversity being endured by their less-
fortunate kin living in enriched British cities where they have to compete with swarms of
immigrants to obtain work at the lowest possible wage. Britons whose kids are bullied
and pressed into gang culture where their teenage years will be spent in a fog of
intoxication, either blind drunk on cheap alcohol or high-as-kites on heroin, weed or
worse, crack cocaine.
Britons whose teenage daughters are being sexually abused and gang raped by various
races who hate whites. These are the expendable indigenous Britons, an unequal
underclass who are living the nightmare reality of Multiculturalism that was imposed
upon them without their consent and who know precisely what the benefits of enrichment
and diversity truly are.
Such Britons are the lab-rats of the Marxist-Multicultural social experiment. Many of them
have not had the opportunity to benefit from a good education and they have been
repeatedly betrayed by traitors whom they trusted with their precious vote to speak up
for them and protect their communities.
For these Britons, the harsh reality of multiculturalism hits hard and they most definitely
are not treated or regarded as equals. They suffer the consequences of the hypocrisy and
the stupidity committed by hypocritical elites who can afford the luxury of avoiding the
disastrous consequences arising from their pernicious social experiment.
These unequal Britons who endure the horrors of Multiculturalism every day also know all
too well the real meaning of diversity: It is nothing less than the deliberate destruction of
their way of life and the systematic breakdown of their communities by state-sponsored
ethnic cleansing combined with a bloodthirsty genocide committed by hate-filled, anti-
white, racist immigrants.
These are the British people who suffer the consequences of multiculturalism so those
who do not can appear virtuous and righteous with their "we're all equal" mantra whilst
acting as superiors who feather their own nests and lie and deceive at every turn to
protect their own selfish interests.
All people are equal? Please. Don't make me laugh. Or weep.
Conclusion
Just as Nietzsche foresaw, the Godless religion of Marxism, with its evil twin spawns
Liberalism and Multiculturalism, works by creating "victim groups" who are then used to
destroy Western society by inverting morality and demanding more and more from
society to compensate for their unjust oppression.
Equality is used to support the cause of these victims. From equality of the sexes to
equality of the races, Marxists need victims for their rotten ideology to flourish. It is a
sick dependency that brainwashes people to believe they are
weak victims whose "injustice" and "unequal status" is morally
wrong and that the strong oppressors - the white race - must be
made to pay for their immoral, unfair superiority. To say it is
"The Mother of all guilt-trips" puts it mildly.
Yet this pursuit of equality only occurs in Western, Liberal-
Multicultural societies and the rest of the world only plays the
equality game when masses of third-world immigrants flood the
West or when former first-world African nations become third
world nations under black rule who demand more and more
from white communities to pay for the "injustice" of apartheid
and white colonial rule.
The attitude of the third-world to the West - make that white people - is simply this:
What's yours is ours and what is ours is our own. It is a despicable attitude that is
reducing the West to a life-support machine for other less advanced races yet if the
indigenous people of the West were to adopt this unequal attitude, they would be vilified
by other races along with self-loathing Liberal-Multiculturalists from their own race as
"racists" and "haters".
Such a hypocritical and weak attitude just encourages millions of blacks, Orientals and
Asians to become parasites who dine at the abundant table of the West for free. They
jealously want what the white man has created, they deem it their right to have what the
white man has because he only got it by oppressing other races and yet they continue to
contribute little - if anything - of any real worth to advance the entire human race.
And the more the pious Liberal-Multicultural disciples scream "we're all equal" the more
glaringly unequal nature reveals us to be. Such arrogant, misguided fools are akin to
King Canute who tried to halt the tide but who came to realise his folly and was humbled
by his attempt to battle Mother nature:
"Let all men know how empty and worthless is the power of kings, for there is none worthy
of the name, but He whom heaven, earth, and sea obey by eternal laws."
For the last fifty years, the white race has arrogantly refused to obey these eternal laws
and it will pay a heavy price unless it comes to realise the futility of continually fighting
against Mother nature. King Canute realised it and other human races continue to
realise it but whether or not the crack-brained Liberal-Multicultural disciples have the
humility to realise their folly of battling with Mother nature is quite another matter.
But be in no doubt whatsoever that Mother nature will demand they pay the heaviest
price for their arrogance and she will not care one iota if the entire white race has to pay
too. Mother nature knows not pity as even self-righteous Liberal-Multiculturalists will find
to their cost, you can be completely assured of that.
Unedited source:
http://isupporttheresistance.blogspot.com/2009/06/from-titans-to-lemmings-suicide-of.html
1. http://sarahmaidofalbion.blogspot.com/
Read all the essays in this great series by Reconquista:
From Titans To Lemmings Part 1
http://iluvsa.blogspot.com/2009/05/from-titans-to-lemmings-suicide-of.html
From Titans To Lemmings Part 2
http://iluvsa.blogspot.com/2009/06/from-titans-to-lemmings-suicide-of.html
From Titans To Lemmings Part 3
http://iluvsa.blogspot.com/2009/07/from-titans-to-lemmings-suicide-of.html
From Titans To Lemmings Part 4
http://iluvsa.blogspot.com/2009/08/from-titans-to-lemmings-part-iv.html
From Titans To Lemmings Part 5
http://iluvsa.blogspot.com/2009/08/from-titans-to-lemmings-suicide-of.html
From Titans To Lemmings Part 6
http://www.nationalpolicyinstitute.org/2009/09/13/xxxx/
From Titans To Lemmings Part 7
http://www.nationalpolicyinstitute.org/2009/10/01/from-titans-to-lemmings-part-7/
2.24 Ignorance and Multiculturalism must be destroyed
By D.L. Adams
There are two critical impediments that prevent the West from engaging effectively, or at
all, in this existential conflict with Islam. Ignorance and multiculturalism (proto-
legitimised moral relativism) must be deconstructed and delegitimised.
It is a moral and ethical failure to be ignorant of the purposes and doctrine of political
Islam. Ignorance of an existential enemy is shameful and indefensible. Multiculturalism
must be exposed for the disastrous pseudo-philosophy of ignorance that it is. Founded
upon ignorance and silly utopian anti-intellectualism, multiculturalism prevents us from
responding to political Islam because to do so in our morally bankrupt multicultural world
is seen as intolerance. Defending your nation from cultural and literal annihilation is not
“intolerance” it is the height of patriotism and rationality.
The fundamental dual concepts of multiculturalism are “tolerance” and “inclusiveness”.
These very “nice” concepts are founded upon the idea that all cultures are of equal value
and that differences between cultures are to be applauded and “accepted” rather than
condemned when such condemnation is appropriate. The idea that a culture can be
corrupt or even evil is dismissed as “bigotry” in the multiculturalist’s broken anti-
knowledge world. Multiculturalism is the soiled garden in which Islam grows.
People who know the doctrine of political Islam and have the effrontery to discuss it in
public are accused of bigotry by multiculturalists and the ignorant. The doctrine of
political Islam as found in Sira, Koran, and Hadith is inherently intolerant and exclusive
but this does not deter the multiculturalists. There is an unspoken superiority in their
world; they believe themselves superior because they are so inclusive, accepting, and
“nice”. The forces of evil see this welcoming inclusiveness from the cultures of the West
as the actions of fools. These foolish actions are of great value to political Islam because
in their false feelings of superiority multiculturalists are the perfect “dhimmis” for Islam,
perfect servents of a totalitarian ideology whose purposes are entirely destructive of
inclusiveness and tolerance. Multiculturalists are anti-knowledge useful idiots for the
forces of cultural and literal annihilation that is Islam.
There has long been a concept very popular in the United States regarding immigration
and assimilation which is that if we show new-comers to our shores how nice, welcoming,
and good we are, they will all become Americans. This model has worked for generations
with European, Asian, South Americans and immigrants from across the world. Islam
does not fit this model.
The model has failed because Islam does not assimilate. Islam does not assimilate
because Islam is about submission. The word “Islam” translates to “submission”.
Adherents of the so-called “religion of peace” are not interested in assimilation, they are
interested only in bringing the entire world under Allah’s “religion”. For adherents of this
miserable and cruel political ideology of hate and conquest only one religion, one political
system, and one culture is allowed – that of Allah and Mohammed. All other religions,
cultures, and political systems are to be annihilated.
Because multiculturalists are willfully ignorant about the cultures that they defend – to
them all cultures (no matter how abysmal they may be) are worthy of defence simply
because they are “different” – Islam sees that the cultures of the West cannot defend
themselves against them.
In fact, multiculturalism is the tool by which Islam infiltrates our institutions and political
systems. Islam is at war with all non-believers everywhere and forever, this is called
“jihad” or “fighting in Allah’s cause”. Jihad is so foundational to Islam that it is mentioned
over 150 times in the text of the Koran. Because multiculturalists have no need to know
anything about any culture (after all, all cultures are “equal” therefore knowledge of any
one culture is of little necessity, value, or import) they do not understand that they are
under attack.
Multiculturalism and ignorance, the two walk hand in hand together, are the greatest
weaknesses of the cultures of the West.
The model of assimilation has failed. It has failed because resurgent Islam and its jihad
has no interest in assimilation. Multiculturalists do not know this, and when they are told
the truth, they refuse obstinately to believe it. Acceptance of the truth of Islam is to
accept the failure of the fundamental concepts of multiculturalism.
We in the West must judge cultures and adherents to such cultures when we make
immigration decisions. We must accept the literal truth that some cultures are unpleasant
and have belief systems that are contrary to ours. The idea that everyone loves freedom
is a broken and confused concept. It is a ruined shell because in Islam the only freedom
that is considered of value is the complete submission to Allah and Mohammed (and the
doctrine of Islam). Islam sees freedom in total submission to the doctrine of Islam.
When we open our doors to Islam, we open ourselves and our nations to forces that
reject our concepts of tolerance and inclusiveness. This is the absurdity and horror of
multiculturalism- it is a failed philosophy of self-destruction.
We must learn the doctrine of Islam. Knowledge of the doctrine is akin to having the
“playbook” of the opposing team in a sporting match. But this is not sport for us, it is
about nothing less than our existential survival as non-Islamic countries and cultures. We
must learn the doctrine of Islam to dispel our ignorance of Islam. Without knowledge of
Islam we cannot oppose it; without knowledge some do not even realise that they are at
war with us and therefore we are at war with them.
The banishment of ignorance through knowledge is critically important if we are to
survive as freedom-loving, tolerant, and “nice” cultures. It is a patriotic duty to learn the
doctrine of Islam and educate others about it.
We must destroy multiculturalism; deconstruct it, delegitimise it, and acknowledge it as
the Utopian self-destructive fantasy that it is. All cultures are not equivalent. Some
cultures are better than others, and some are our enemies and some our friends. This is
reasonable, rational thinking. The foundational concept of multiculturalism is that all
cultures are of equal value and worth. This is inclusiveness, tolerance, and “niceness”
taken to the extreme. This is anti-intellectualism and irrational thinking that will result in
the entire loss of our civilisations. Multiculturalism must be destroyed and swept into the
dustbin of absurdity where it belongs.
Failure to destroy multiculturalism, delegitimise it and its adherents as the intellectual
imposters and fools that they are is a national failure whose consequences are beyond
unpleasant. Multiculturalism is the tool by which Islam gains access to our countries for
the purpose of the destruction of the host culture.
The doctrine of Islam is clear on these points as are the adherents of the so-called
“religion of peace”. Jihad is a responsibility for all Muslims. It is the command of both
Allah and Mohammed. Mulsims who do Jihad are “good” Muslims because they follow the
commands of Allah and Mohammed; those who do not do jihad are “extremists” because
they reject the commands of the doctrine of Islam. Those who reject jihad are perfect
fodder for jihadists because they are not “good” Muslims. This concept must be
understood clearly. Our conceptions of good/evil, right/wrong do not apply in the Islamic
worldview.
Multiculturalism must be destroyed. Multiculturalists must be mocked and criticised for
the self-destructive fools that they are. Their philosophy is used by our enemies to gain
entree and power in our institutions and cultures. Multiculturalists, in their Utopian
ignorance, are tools of the enemy – their philosophy must be rejected, repudiated, and
deconstructed so that rational thought can again be the dominant mode of thought
across the West. To do any less is failure.
When we know nothing of Islam, we lose. When we say that all cultures are equivalent
and we can no longer identify good and evil, right and wrong, we lose. Ignorance of
Islam is not acceptable; it is a moral and ethical failure.
Multiculturalism is a tool of Islam; it is a disastrous ideology of false “nice” that is used to
stifle critical thought and open debate. Multiculturalism is a complete failure as it is used
by our enemies to destroy us. It is a failed fake intellectual concept for “nice” people to
abjure their responsibilities to themselves, their cultures and countries. Multiculturalism
must be destroyed.
Globalised capitalism – another reason for the Fall of Europe
"The 20th century has been characterised by three developments of great political
importance. The growth of democracy; the growth of corporate power; and the growth of
corporate propaganda against democracy."
Alex Carey, Australian social scientist.
2.25 Is Capitalism Always a Force for Freedom?
More companies are now giving in to Muslim pressure[1] over Geert Wilders’ Islam-
critical movie. I keep bashing Marxists in my writings, and they usually deserve it[2]. I
honestly believe it is impossible to write anything meaningful about what ails the West
without taking the prolonged and highly destructive influences of Marxism into account.
Yet Marxists are not powerful enough by themselves to generate all the problems we are
now facing. You would have to be pretty blind not to see the importance of business ties
in relations between the West and the Islamic world, certainly in the case of Europe and
the Middle East, but also with the United States and Saudi Arabia. Money makes the
world go around, after all. One does not have to be a Socialist to see that the short-term
interests of Big Business are not always identical to the long-term interests of the nation
as a whole, especially not when it comes to immigration. Multinational corporations,
which by their very definition have loyalty towards no nation, should not be allowed to
direct national immigration policies.
Is capitalism always a force for freedom? It is easy for “conservatives” to think so, but is
it always true?
There are several perspectives one can use when trying to understand the European
Union, for instance. One is that it is somehow related to the Communist utopia and the
unaccountable, transnational bureaucracy of the Soviet Union. This does make some
sense, but on the other hand, the EU cannot be properly understood simply as a Marxist
organisation. It has always held the backing of Big Business interests who want easy
access to greater markets. They do not automatically care about national sovereignty or
borders, which are vital to the continued existence of any truly free society.
I am particularly concerned over the recent attempts by various Western corporations to
appease Islamic demands for sharia censorship. Both regarding the Danish cartoons and
the Wilders movie in Holland, business interests have been among the most prominent in
denouncing these attempts to defend Western freedoms because they care only about
their market shares and not about the wider issues.
When we also know that many companies support mass immigration because they want
easy access to cheap labour, including Muslim immigration, this means that they
contribute to Islamisation, at home and abroad. Can we then say that capitalism is
always a force for freedom? I think not. As Thomas Jefferson said, “Merchants have no
country. The mere spot they stand on does not constitute so strong an attachment as
that from which they draw their gains.”
Dutch companies have given into a Jordanian boycott by placing newspapers
advertisements condemning the film Fitna[3]
De Volkskrant reports that Dutch companies have given into a Jordanian boycott. The
companies Zwanenberg and Friesland Foods have placed advertisements in Jordanian
newspapers saying they oppose the film Fitna by populist politician Geert Wilders.
Last week the group ‘The Messenger of Allah Unites Us’ brought a case against Wilders in a
Jordanian court, accusing him of racism and incitement to hate Muslims. Wilders said he
feared Jordan would issue an international warrant for his arrest.
The group, which had already mounted a boycott of Danish products because of the
Muhammad cartoons, also began a boycott of Dutch companies. De Volkskrant tells us:
“On Wednesday all travel agencies in Amman received a letter asking that they not do
business with KLM. The letter will also be distributed in other Arab countries.”
The chairman of the Messenger of Allah Unites Us, Zakaria Sheikh, says he has printed a
million posters calling for a boycott of Dutch products. He says the only way Dutch
companies can get themselves off the list is to take out ads in newspapers condemning the
film.
In its advertisement, the Zwanenberg Food Group says it “rejects the opinions and
statements” in Wilders’ film. “We strongly condemn the anti-Islam comments which we
believe don’t have any other purpose than to insult.”
The company also expressed its “Solidarity with the campaign by The Messenger of Allah
Unites Us in its attempts to pass international legislation banning insults to religion,
including Islam and the Prophet Muhammad (Peace be with Him).”
From the Brussels Journal[4]:
VNO-NCW, the Federation of Dutch Employers, has ordered its lawyers to see whether it is
possible to claim damages from Mr Wilders for the loss of income which Dutch companies
may possibly suffer as a result of a boycott of Dutch products by Muslims who are angry at
Mr Wilders and at the fact that the Dutch have not been able to shut him up. “Companies
like Shell, Philips and Unilever are easy to recognise as Dutch companies,” VNO-NCW
chairman Bernard Wientjes told the newspaper Het Financieele Dagblad. “I do not know
how rich Geert Wilders is, or how well insured he is, but if we suffer from a boycott, we will
investigate whether it is possible to claim damages from him.” Last November, Doekle
Terpstra, a member of the board of Unilever, called upon the Dutch to “rise in order to stop
Wilders” because “Geert Wilders is evil and evil has to be stopped.”
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/06/is-capitalism-always-force-for-freedom.html
1. http://www.expatica.com/nl/articles/news/Zwanenberg-and-Friesland-Foods-condemn-Fitna.html
2. http://www.opendemocracy.net/article/open-borders-global-future
3. http://www.expatica.com/nl/articles/news/Zwanenberg-and-Friesland-Foods-condemn-Fitna.html
4. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3145
2.26 Big Business, a Driving Force behind Immigration
By John Laughland
In Britain, the House of Lords has reported[1] that the economic impact of immigration is
minimal and has concluded that it ought to be capped. The report is seen as a decisive
defeat for the government’s long-held view that immigration boosts the economy by
increasing production.
The Lords have found that, while the total size of the economy does rise when there is
high net immigration, this does not mean that prosperity as such rises. Per capita GDP
remains the same. In other words, the size of the economy rises only to the extent that
there are more people in the country than before. The economic benefit of mass
immigration is zero.
The social costs, of course, are very considerable. The most significant of these is the
impact on the cost of housing[2]. The report finds, among other things, that if the
present rate of immigration continues, then the average property will cost 10.5 times the
average income in 2031. Eight years ago, the ratio was 4 and now it is 6.5.
The inflation of property prices causes immense social and economic damage, although
Britain’s numerous property owners have for years deluded themselves that they are
getting richer because their houses go up in price so spectacularly. When property rises
in cost, the whole economy suffers since all businesses need premises from which to
operate. Families suffer, too, because people have fewer children if they cannot afford
enough bedrooms to put them in.
The Lords’ report is a huge vindication for the brave campaigning of Sir Andrew Green,
Chairman of Migration Watch[3], and someone whom I have the honour to know
personally. Since immigration exploded when New Labour came to power, this former
Ambassador to Saudi Arabia has managed brilliantly to put immigration on the agenda
without ever giving off so much as the slightest hint of racism. On the contrary, his
measured tones and careful statistics have ensured that he is listened to with great
respect[4]. The report is nothing less than a total vindication of everything he has been
saying for years.
Why, then, has there been such a firm lobby in favour of immigration for so long? The
answer lies in one of the most arresting facts about modern politics – a fact which, in my
view, even the most redoubtable experts like Andrew Green have perhaps not quite
taken on board. I refer to the unlikely alliance between big business and the New Left.
This alliance reached its apogee under Tony Blair, who was known for his slavish
admiration for rich people whose hospitality he so often enjoyed for free. But it extended
throughout New Labour. Peter Hain, the onetime anti-apartheid campaigner, a man
whose progressive credentials could hardly be more immaculate, had to resign in
February[5] because he had accepted £100,000 from a pharmaceutical magnate, one of
whose companies is facing prosecution for the biggest fraud ever alleged in the United
Kingdom.
The alliance between big business and the New Left is not, however, based merely on the
greed, opportunism and venality of politicians, or on the desire of big companies to buy
political influence. Instead, it is based on ideology. Specifically, big business is in favour
of immigration not only because it drives down wages – allowing profits to remain high
without companies actually having to sell more products – but also because it is culturally
in favour of multiculturalism.
The entire ethic of post Cold War globalisation, indeed, is profoundly anti-national. The
multinational corporation, like Marx’s worker, “has no country”: the modern international
corporate executive is more at home in an airport departure lounge or a Hilton hotel than
in a village pub. He scorns any notion that the legislative framework of a state should
give preference to the fixed inhabitants of that state, and instead tells the government
that he will simply re-locate, like some disembodied spirit, to another part of the world if
the tax regime is not favourable to him. To put it bluntly, multinational companies are
vehicles of cosmopolitanism, every bit as powerful and influential as the more intellectual
proponents of multiculturalism and the end of the nation-state.
The big corporation likes immigration because immigrants drive down wages and are
typically not unionised. Big companies do not care if immigrants do not pay taxes, or if
they make extra demands on schools and hospitals, because the state picks up the bill
for that. They do not care if there is general inflation, or sector-specific inflation such as
in property, because they have their eye on next year’s bottom line, and on their
Christmas bonus, not on what will happen a generation hence. Big companies operate on
the principle “privatise the profits, socialise the losses”, demanding that policies be
pursued which increase their income because the costs are passed onto the taxpayer and
society at large.
As Pat Buchanan argued brilliantly in The Death of the West, economic history shows that
periods of high immigration do not coincide with periods of high economic growth. Japan
grew spectacularly in the period 1955 – 1993 but immigration over that time was zero.
The periods when America’s prosperity has risen are those when immigration has been
low; the economy stalls, by contrast, when it is high.
Ever since Mrs Thatcher, the predominant ethic in British politics has been pro-business.
The slogan is “free trade”, but that is not the same thing. Of course it was necessary in
the early 1980s to free Britain from the excessive shackles which the trades unions
represented; but, in domestic politics as in diplomacy, there are no permanent victories,
especially not if political parties stop thinking, as the Tory part did long ago. So deeply
entrenched has “free trade” now become that it is a taboo which unites the whole
political class. Any suggestion that the activities of business should be limited or directed
by the state is dismissed as Luddite economics, reactionary thinking worthy of a flat-
earther.
In fact, Britain and many other European states are themselves just as much in hock to
the demands of big business now as they were to the labour movement a generation
ago. The pendulum has now swung too far in the opposite direction. Let us hope that the
breaking of the taboo of immigration will mark the moment at which it starts to swing
slowly back.
Sources:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3144
1. http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld200708/ldselect/ldeconaf/82/8202.htm
2. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2008/04/01/nmigrants201.xml
3. http://www.migrationwatch.org/
4. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/news.html?in_article_id=552449&in_page_id=1770
5. http://www.monbiot.com/archives/2008/02/05/death-of-the-noble-idea/
2.27 Migration has brought 'zero' economic benefit
By Philip Johnston and Robert Winnett
Ten years of record immigration to Britain has produced virtually no economic benefits for
the country, a parliamentary inquiry has found.
A House of Lords committee, which is due to report next Tuesday, will call into question
Government claims that foreign workers add £6 billion each year to the wealth of the
nation.
It is expected to say this must be balanced against the increase in population and their
use of local services such as health and education, resulting in little benefit per head of
the population.
"Our overall conclusion is that the economic benefits of net immigration to the resident
population are small and close to zero in the long run," the report will say.
The findings of the Lords economics committee threaten to demolish the key argument
made by ministers to justify the highest levels of immigration in the country's history.
The inquiry by the committee, which includes two former chancellors and several former
Cabinet ministers, is the first to try to balance the costs and benefits of large-scale
immigration.
The population is increasing by more than 190,000 every year, largely as a result of
immigration.
Foreign workers now make up 12.5 per cent of the labour force, compared with 7.4 per
cent a decade ago. Critics say Labour lost control of the borders, issued too many work
permits and should not have opened up the labour market to eastern Europe.
However, ministers say that without large-scale immigration there would have been
slower economic growth.
A Whitehall paper produced for the committee said average output growth over the past
five years was 2.7 per cent a year and migration contributed an estimated 15 to 20 per
cent of this. The Government said this indicated a contribution of £6 billion - or £700,000
a day- from foreign workers.
However, the committee's final report is expected to say the Government should have
focused on the impact of immigration on GDP per head, not the economy as a whole.
David Coleman, a professor of demography at Oxford University, said in his evidence to
the committee that the Government had excluded costs from crime, security, the race
relations process, health "tourism" and imported ailments such as TB.
Richard Pearson, a visiting professor at the University of Sussex's Centre for Migration
Research, said: "While migrants have clearly helped alleviate often long-standing skill
shortages, they have also filled many low-skilled jobs, often at very low wages.
"These migrants are likely to be displacing, and reducing the incentive on employers to
recruit and train low-skilled, indigenous workers.''
Comments:
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2008/03/29/nimm129.xml
Increased crime alone would wipe out any economic benefit. There are several thousand
native Europeans lying in graves who would be alive today if it were not for mass
immigration. There are tens of thousands of living ones who have suffered vicious
immigration crime. Millions more are going to suffer in the future, because this disaster
will not be reversed overnight.
------
Unfettered and indiscriminate immigration also creates a voter base for those in power.
In the US, the Republicans favor immigration because of big business, yes, but the
Democrats favor it because they want their votes.
So, the former wants it because of greed. The latter wants it because of power.
Source:
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1583218/Migration-has-brought-zero-economic-benefit.html
2.28 What Does Muslim Immigration Cost Europe?
By Fjordman
Do gang rapes boost GDP? Was that an offensive question, you say? Well, according to
Sweden's finance minister Pär Nuder[1], more immigrants should be allowed into Sweden
in order to safeguard the welfare system. However, in reality estimates indicate that
immigration costs Sweden at least 40 to 50 billion Swedish kroner every year, probably
several hundred billions, and has greatly contributed to bringing the Swedish welfare
state to the brink of bankruptcy[2]. An estimated cost of immigration of 225 billion
Swedish kroner in 2004, which is not unlikely, would equal 17.5% of Sweden's tax
income that year, a heavy burden in a country which already has some of the highest
levels of taxation in the world.
At the same time, the number of rape charges[3] in Sweden has quadrupled in just
above twenty years. Rape cases involving children under the age of 15 are six times as
common today as they were a generation ago. Resident aliens from Algeria, Libya,
Morocco and Tunisia dominate the group of rape suspects. Lawyer Ann Christine Hjelm,
who has investigated violent crimes in one court, found that 85 per cent of the convicted
rapists were born on foreign soil or by foreign parents. Swedish politicians want to
continue Muslim immigration because it boosts the economy, yet the evidence so far
indicates that it mainly boosts the number of gang rapes. Meanwhile, research shows
that fear of honour killings is a very real issue for many immigrant girls in Sweden.
100.000 young Swedish girls[4] live as virtual prisoners of their own families.
An ever growing group of non-western immigrants in Norway is dependent on welfare[5].
This was the conclusion of a study by Tyra Ekhaugen[6] of the Frisch Centre for Economic
Research and the University of Oslo. Ekhaugen's research contradicted the often heard
assertion that Norway's labour market depends increasingly on immigrants. The study
indicated quite the reverse. If the present evolution continues, immigration will
increase[7] the pressure on the welfare state rather than relieving it because many
immigrants do not join the tax-paying part of the population. "Non-Western immigrants"
in Norway are recipients of social security benefits ten times[8] as frequently as native
Norwegians. If we remember that "non-Western immigrants" include Chinese, Indians
and other non-Muslims who are known for (and statistically proven to be) hard working,
this speaks volumes of the heavy burden Muslims constitute on the welfare state.
Journalist Halvor Tjønn[9] from newspaper Aftenposten, one of the few genuinely critical
journalists in the country, in June 2006 cited a report from NHO, the Confederation of
Norwegian Enterprise. NHO stated that the current immigration policies were a serious
threat to the country's economy. Norway is the planet's third largest exporter of oil, next
to Saudi Arabia and Russia. Yet according to NHO, there is a risk that much of the profit
Norway earns from oil could be spent on paying welfare for a rapidly growing immigrant
population. The most profitable immigration would be high-skilled workers who stay for
period of limited duration, but at the same time not too brief. A Danish think tank has
estimated that the net cost of immigration was up to 50 billion kroner every year, and
those were cautious estimates. Denmark could thus save huge sums by stopping
immigration[10] from less developed countries. A study found that every other immigrant
from the Third World -- especially from Muslim countries -- lacked the qualifications for
even the most menial jobs[11] on the organised Danish labour market.
Professor Kjetil Storesletten at the University of Oslo said that the net contribution of
immigrants to the economy was probably negative in Norway, too. "Admitting immigrants
with low levels of education leads nowhere. We cannot continue the immigration policies
we have followed until now," said Storesletten. In Norway, social benefits and salaries for
low-skilled workers are among the highest in the world. At the same time, the salaries for
highly skilled workers are comparatively lower and the taxes are high. This compressed
salary structure is the result of decades of Socialist policies in Scandinavia. It leads to
attracting people with lower skills and little education, but also makes the countries less
attractive for researchers and scientists. Still, the agency that handles immigration to
Norway, UDI, in 2005 thought that the country must make it more attractive for both
skilled and unskilled workers[12] to move to Norway. "We need more immigrants,"
claimed UDI chief Trygve Nordby. "Too few dare to say that we have a large need for
non-professional workers as well," he said. UDI, in turn, should be able to have more
flexibility in deciding cases, and process cases more quickly and efficiently. As it turned
out later, the bureaucrats of UDI were in fact so "flexible" that they had been running
their own, private immigration policies, and that the agency's liberal interpretation of
asylum rules had "stretched the boundaries" of the law. UDI violated both the law and
political directives when it granted residency permits to nearly 200 Iraqi Kurds[13] in the
fall of 2005. A commission that probed the controversial permits blasted the former head
of UDI, Trygve Nordby, and his successor resigned[14]. More than half[15] of the social
security benefits in the city of Oslo are spent of non-Western immigrants, a portion that
has grown tremendously over the years. City council leader Erling Lae[16] warns against
prejudice and states that without immigrants, there would be "complete chaos" in Oslo.
Meanwhile, Norwegian newspapers are worried that online debates are "flooded with
racist comments" about Muslims. One of the racist comments they mentioned was this
one: "A large number of Muslims out of their own, free will choose to live in parallel
societies where they speak their mother tongue, watch foreign TV, despise the society
they have moved to and pick spouses from their original homelands. The only contact
they have with the natives is in the social security office."
"The debate is often coloured by ignorance. It is not a human right to be heard at any
given time. It requires a certain minimum of social intelligence to be allowed to
participate in the public debate," says Esten O. Sæther, online editor of the Leftist, pro-
Multicultural newspaper Dagbladet[17]. Sæther warns that the newspapers may have to
impose stricter censorship on their online discussion forums and the comments to online
articles. However, Dagbladet seems to have little understanding of why so many people
are fed up with Muslims and their demands. Neither have they admitted that they were
wrong in their one-sided praise of the positive effects of Muslim immigration for decades,
nor apologised for demonising the right-wing Progress Party and its leader Carl I. Hagen
throughout the 90s for their "racism" for questioning the real costs of this immigration.
On the contrary, although information about the costs of Muslim immigration has been
available for several years, this was a non-issue
in Norwegian media prior to the national elections in 2005. Instead, they were focusing
on "poverty" in Norway and the need for increased welfare spending. This in a country
that is among the wealthiest in the world and which provides its citizens with the highest
social security benefits in Europe. Norway's media coverage of the national elections
revealed a desire for a Leftist government, said Election expert Aarebrot[18], a professor
at the Institute for Comparative Politics at the University of Bergen. He argued that, with
few exceptions, most of Norway's media leans to the left politically. "Most newspapers
are what I would call politically correct. By politically correct in Norway today I mean
slightly radical, urban and liberal," Aarebrot said. Nearly 70 percent of journalists vote
Labour (Ap), Socialist Left (SV) or Red Electoral Alliance (RV) according to a poll, and this
is reflected in the press, Aarebrot said.
Oslo will have a non-Western majority in a few decades, if the current trends continue.
There are now several researchers who predict that in Norway, Sweden and Denmark,
the native population and their descendants will become a minority in their own country
within this century. The only question is when. Since the Islamic Jihad usually enters a
much more aggressive and physical phase once the Muslim population reaches 10 – 20%
of the total in any given area, this does not bode well for the future of the urban regions
in Scandinavia. Will they turn out different from similar regions in Thailand, the
Philippines or Nigeria?
Admittedly, part of the problem lies with the Western European welfare state system
itself[19] and cannot be blamed on the immigrants alone. Iranian Nima Sanandaji tells of
his family's meeting with the Swedish system[20]: "In Sweden my family encountered a
political system that seemed very strange. The interpreter told us that Sweden is a
country where the government will put a check into your mailbox each month if you don't
work. She explained that there was no reason to get a job." "Although my mother got
several jobs, we concluded that this really didn't improve our family's economy. During
the sixteen years we have been in Sweden, my mother has in total worked less than one
year."
However, part of the problem is also due to the mentality of some of the Muslims who
move there, yet display no loyalty to their new countries. Immigrant men who divorce
their wives according to secular law, but stay married to them according to sharia,
Islamic law, represent an increasing problem in the city of Odense, Denmark[21],
according to Erik Simonsen, deputy major in charge of administration. The result is a
large number of "single" women who receive welfare support. From other countries, it is
known that some Muslim men to do this trick with several women at the same time.
Some observers blamed the Muslim riots in France in 2005, accurately described by
writer Mark Steyn as the "first welfare funded Jihad in history," on polygamy practiced by
Muslim men, paid for by French taxpayers. But also immigrants who are financially
independent are cheating, says Simonsen. "80 percent of the immigrant economy in
Odense is a black market economy. That's a lot, and it cannot be tolerated, because the
law is equal for all."
As one Muslim in Norway stated[22]: "I worked in a Pakistani shop, but all of the work
there is 'unofficial.' Neither the boss nor I pay taxes to Norwegian authorities. In addition
to this, I receive 100% disability benefits and welfare. I have to be cunning to make as
much money as possible, since this is my only objective with being in Norway."
Undoubtedly, many Muslims view welfare money from the infidels as Jizya, the poll-tax
non-Muslims according to the Koran are supposed to pay to Muslims as tribute and a sign
of their inferior status and submission to Islamic rule. In Britain, one member of an
Islamic group warned an undercover reporter against getting a job because it would be
contributing to the kuffar[23] (non-Muslim) system.
One of the reasons for the low participation in the work force among Muslims is a very
high drop out rate from schools, especially for boys. Although Muslims themselves blame
this on "poor integration efforts" and "marginalisation," some of them are actively
obstructing their kids' education, lest they become too much like the infidels. Thousands
of Muslim children with Scandinavian citizenship are sent to Koran schools in Pakistan
and other countries, to prevent them from becoming "too Westernised." When this
practice was documented and criticised by the Norwegian organisation Human Rights
Service[24], Pakistanis in Norway had the galls to ask for a school for their children in
Pakistan[25], funded by Norwegian taxpayers. They will probably get it.
According to the Copenhagen Post, in Denmark when the country's schools open their
doors again after the summer holidays, not every student is there to enter. Some schools
report one in every five students missing from the schoolrooms[26]. Daily newspaper
Berlingske Tidende reported that some children had not returned from vacation in their
homelands with their parents. 'When students are kept away from school start, it's a big
problem for their integration and can affect the children's educational level,' said
Integration Minister Rikke Hvilshøj. She said a committee would discuss methods to get
parents to send their children to school from day one. 'These are children who have
problems beforehand following what's going on at school,' Hvilshøj said. 'Not being there
when the school year starts won't make it any easier. We need to make parents
understand that if their children are to get a good chance in Denmark, they need to make
sure that they are there when school starts.' Author and journalist Rushy Rahsid said she
had often gone on long vacations to Pakistan with her parents as a child. 'Families go on
such long trips to give their children a healthy dose of religion, culture, traditions, and
family,' she said. 'If you buy a very expensive ticket, you want to take full advantage of
the trip and meet the entire family.'
Not that the problems always disappear when they actually attend school, either. Going
to school is no child's game for many children in Copenhagen, where beatings, kicks[27],
robberies, and threats have everyday occurrences. The perpetrators are normally their
own age. Violence and threats pose such a big problem in high schools in Malmö,
Sweden[28], that the local school board wants to install surveillance cameras and
security guards in the buildings. The city's education director Matz Nilsson said unruly
and aggressive students had become a more common sight in the high schools of Malmö,
the home of some of Scandinavia's biggest and roughest slums.
In the spring of 2006, police were deployed at a Berlin school[29] after teachers
complained that they could not cope with their students' aggression and disrespect. A
teacher who recently left the school told the Tagesspiegel newspaper that ethnic Arab
pupils[30] were bullying ethnic Turks, Germans and other nationalities. "School for
them," said Petra Eggebrecht, former director of the Rütli school, "is simply a place to
fight for peer recognition, where young criminals become idols." Young people are also
easy targets for Islamist organisations. Outside the Rütli school, the children greeted
visitors in Arabic.
When reporters went to school[31] they were pelted with paving stones by masked
youths from the schoolyard as the district's mayor stood helplessly at the entrance of the
building. An increasing problem in German schools is that Arab male students often
refuse to respect the authority of women teachers. Students at the Ruetli Hauptschule
were not shy about expressing their views to reporters. "The German (students) brown
nose us, pay for things for us and stuff like that, so that we don't smash in their faces."
But there are also conflicts between Arab and Turkish students, mirrored in battles
between the city's foreign-dominated youth gangs. Integration of foreign youths in Berlin
is often poor. Even second and third generation children frequently do not speak fluent
German and many fail to complete school - all of which leads to a high jobless rate
among immigrant youths. White German families are moving out of districts like
Neukoelln.
Muslim immigration has led to a spike in organised and violent crime, too. As early as
2002, Lars Hedegaard together with Dr. Daniel Pipes[32] wrote about how Third-world
immigrants - most of them Muslims from countries such as Turkey, Somalia, Pakistan,
Lebanon and Iraq - constituted less than 5 percent of the population but consumed
upwards of 40 percent of the welfare spending. What's worse, however, is that Muslims
were only 4 percent of Denmark's 5.4 million people but made up a majority of the
country's convicted rapists, an especially combustible issue given that practically all the
female victims were non-Muslim. Similar, if lesser, disproportions were found in other
crimes.
In 2005, it was reported that 82 percent[33] of crimes in Copenhagen were committed
by immigrants or descendants of immigrants, and the police pressed charges against
second-generation immigrants five times as[34] frequently per capita as against ethnic
Danes. Doormen working in the Danish capital are now often armed with guns or clubs so
as to be able to defend themselves against violent immigrant gangs[35]. There is more
violence than ever before and some immigrant gangs have even been known to seek out
doormen at their private homes. Immigrant criminal gangs are much more active than
previously believed, and their brutality has them surpassing biker crime gangs[36] like
the Hell's Angels or Bandidos, the State Police said. A Norwegian researcher warned that
ethnic gangs could give Norway the kind of immigrant-related organised crime[37] that
had previously been unknown in Scandinavia. Arne Johannessen[38] from the Norwegian
Police Organisation warned in 2003 that the cost of crime may have been doubled during
the previous decade, in part due to immigration.
In Sweden, there has been a steep rise in all kinds of crime and violence[39] at the same
time as an unprecedented amount of immigration to the country. Of course, Swedish
politicians would never dream of connecting the two. However, in one of those rare cases
where a Swedish newspaper has actually told the truth, Aftonbladet revealed that 9 out
of the 10[40] most criminal ethnic groups in Sweden were Muslims, a trend known from
other European countries such as France, where Muslims make up 10% of the general
population, but maybe 70% of the prison population. The number of people under the
age of 18 who are serving sentences in juvenile detention centres in Sweden has risen
sharply over the last five years.
Not that Western European prisons will scare immigrant children too much. The relaxed
regime at a prison housing some of Holland's most dangerous[41] criminals has caused
controversy. Pictures of tattooed prisoners enjoying a "social evening" and beer
embarrassed the authorities which are sensitive to claims abroad that they are soft on
crime. One inmate at Esserheem serving 14 years for murder said: "We have a party
every weekend in our own prison bar. We can enjoy wonderful snacks, ice cream, beers,
play cards or billiards and listen to music. If the weather is warm we can play tennis."
Another prisoner spoke of "perfect" fresh food and said: "We can buy everything in the
prison shop including sushi and sake." In the Netherlands[42], the economic argument
deployed by both leftwing multiculturalists and free-market conservatives - that
immigration revives aging populations, provides new labour resources, and generates
entrepreneurial activity – "simply does not apply." There has been no overall economic
benefit to population change since unskilled guest workers were invited to the
Netherlands in the early 1970s. According to Paul Scheffer, a leading critic of
multiculturalism and professor of urban sociology at Amsterdam University, up to 60% of
first-generation Turkish and Moroccan populations are unemployed.
Andrew Bostom, editor of The Legacy of Jihad, quotes the observations made by Dr.
Muqtedar Khan, a much-ballyhooed Muslim moderate from the U.S., after a trip to
Belgium[43]. Even Khan admitted the largesse of Belgium's welfare state towards its
Muslims: "…the welfare check was normally 70 percent to 80 percent of the salary. For
those [Muslims] who were married with children, welfare provided comfortable living and
with low property values, even those on welfare could actually own homes." American
expatriate writer Bruce Bawer, living in Norway, has documented in his book While
Europe Slept how Oslo imams preach brazenly that Muslims should expect these welfare
benefits—and feel justified in supplementing them by stealing from stores—as a form of
jizya extracted from their infidel "host" societies. As Bostom points, out, "such attitudes,
whatever their origins, raise this larger basic question: why does the West continue to
validate the raw, imbalanced bigotry that denies non-Muslims any access to Mecca and
Medina—upon pain of imprisonment, torture, and death—while Muslims demand and are
granted the ability to settle, with generous accommodations, within Europe or America?"
Indeed, some of the Muslims are actively involved in supporting Jihad activities, verbally
or physically. Mullah Krekar is convicted of terrorism in Jordan[44], he has been
suspected of links to the Madrid terrorists[45], and the CIA claims he has been ordering
bombings[46] in Iraq. He has lived off Norwegian welfare money in Oslo for years, and
reputedly gets a lot of free taxi rides from Muslim cab drivers who think he's a great guy.
Norway's most controversial refugee has lodged a threat against the country[47] that has
hosted him and his family for the past 14 years. Mullah Krekar continues to fight
deportation back to Iraq, and calls any such order "an offense" that should be punished.
"I defend my rights in their court just like Western people defend their rights. I am
patient like they are patient. But if my patience runs out, I will react like Orientals do."
Asked how "Orientals" react, Krekar said: "I don't want to comment on that." Krekar has
also spoken positively about terrorist leader Osama bin Laden and the recently killed
Iraqi al-Qaida leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi[48].
In Britain, the police have been investigating allegations that the four suspected London
bombers[49] from July 2005 collected more than £500,000 in benefits payments. The
suspects are supposed to have used multiple aliases and addresses. One, Mr Ibrahim, is
said to have had six aliases. Some are also shown to have claimed several nationalities,
ages and national insurance numbers while in Britain. Investigators believe that bogus
names were used to make some benefit claims. Two are also alleged to have obtained
asylum using bogus passports and false names and nationalities. Mr Ibrahim, alleged to
be the Hackney bus bomber, is believed to have used two dates of birth, six aliases, two
national insurance numbers and two addresses. Mr Osman apparently went under five
names, variously claimed that he was Eritrean or Somali, and used four addresses in
southwest London. Mr Omar, 24, who is linked with the attack on a Tube train near
Warren Street, had five aliases.
The London Times[50] quoted a report that expressed fears that Britain was
"sleepwalking its way to apartheid" due to increased ethnic segregation. The paper, which
took into account the background of the four July 7 suicide bombers who attacked
London, pointed to social and economic deprivation as key drivers in their conversion to
terrorism, ignoring the numerous calls for violent Jihad in the Koran and the hadith. It
found that the Muslim community was the most "disadvantaged" faith group in the
country, with lower educational attainment and higher unemployment. The document
found that the unemployment rate among Britain's 1.6m Muslims was more than three
times that of the general population and was the highest of all faith groups. About half of
all Muslims were economically inactive (52%). That was higher than any other religious
group.
DP111, an articulate British commentator at such websites as Jihad Watch, Little Green
Footballs and Fjordman blog, points out that as Muslim families are very large, a single
wage earner will find it hard to support all. They will need to supplement this by getting
considerable benefits from the state. Thus at a minimum, "some 80% of the Muslim
population" subsists on welfare benefits: "A considerable amount of this money to
Muslims from the British taxpayer, finds its way to finance the Jihad. The same scenario
must hold in all European states that have a considerable Muslim population." "We are in
the ridiculous position of sheltering and feeding a population that is hell bent on
destroying us. Islam's people, from the very outset, were nothing but a collective to gain
plunder and loot at the expense of other people's work. In the past, it was conducted by
war, conquest and then pillage. Now it is conducted by immigration (invasion), begging or
crime. Meanwhile Muslim nations are given huge loans (aid), which we and they know
will never be repaid. Thus, from a purely economic point of view, Islam seems to be a
collective of people who live by the ethos of "beg, borrow or steal." So why do we, the
capitalist countries, who do not believe in offering anyone a free lunch, subsidise the
most lazy yet aggressive bunch of people on God's planet, who are bent on subverting
our democratic system? The nub is, how has it come about, that the natural progression
of the most advanced civilisation on earth is towards stupidity?"
He also points out that the cost of Muslim immigration is much higher than just welfare.
"One really needs to factor the loss of confidence in the markets, loss of new investment
because of a fear of flying or the disenchantment with intrusive security. Then there is
the increased cost of insurance on all businesses." All this affects the competitivess of
business with nations that do not have a significant Islamic presence, such as Japan,
Korea and Taiwan. We may be talking of million dollars or more per Muslim individual per
year. "And to top it all, we give them huge amounts of aid, welfare benefits on a grand
scale, while we live in fear, and our freedoms compromised."
Former Muslim Ali Sina[51] claims that even in the USA, which has a smaller Muslim
population and less social security benefits than Western Europe, Muslims are a huge
drain on the economy: "Because about 2 million Muslims live in America and among them
there are some who are terrorists, Americans are forced to expend hundreds of billions of
dollars on homeland security. I have no idea how much is the actual cost. Let us be
conservative and say it costs only $200 billion dollars per year. In reality it could be many
times more. Does anyone have any idea? With just $200 billion dollars, every Muslim,
including their children cost the taxpayers $100,000 dollars per year. This is the real
"contribution" of Muslims to America Mr. President. Once you add the cost of the real
damage caused in terrorist attacks, such as to planes, buildings, etc. this cost will be
much higher. And here we are only talking about monetary cost. Can anyone calculate
the cost that the families of the victims of terrorism pay? What is true in America is true
in anywhere governments are forced to expend money to increase the security."
Bat Ye'or in her book Eurabia - The Euro-Arab Axis describes how we are in the middle of
a total transformation of Europe, which is the result of an intentional policy. In an
interview with Israeli newspaper Haaretz[52], Bat Ye'or fears that Europe will become
more and more Islamised until it becomes "a political satellite of the Arab and Muslim
world." "The European leaders have decided on an alliance with the Arab world, through
which they have committed to accept the Arab and Muslim approach toward the United
States and Israel. This is not only with respect to foreign policy, but also on issues
engaging European society from within, such as immigration, the integration of the
immigrants and the idea that Islam is part of Europe."
Former French PM Charles de Gaulle, disappointed by the loss of the French colonies in
Africa and the Middle East, as well as with France's waning influence in the international
arena, in the 1960's decided to create a strategic alliance with the Arab and Muslim world
to compete with the dominance of the United States and the Soviet Union. This alliance
became the position of the European Community (pre-European Union) during the course
of the 1970s, when an extensive European-Arab dialogue developed. However, this
alliance, in the context of which Europe allowed the immigration of millions of Muslims to
its territories and adopted an anti-Israeli and anti-American policy, will ultimately
"transform Europe into a continent under the thumb of the Arab and Muslim world."
As Bat Ye'or points out, most of the workings of Eurabia are hidden from the public view,
but sometimes we can catch glimpses of it if we know what to look for. Italian Leftist PM
Romano Prodi, President of the European Commission, the Politburo of the EUSSR, from
1999 to 2004, wants more cooperation with Arab countries. He talks about a free trade
zone with the Arab world, but this implies the four freedoms of the EU, which includes
the free movement of people. This is made clear in a document from 2003[53]. This fact,
and the implications of it, is virtually never mentioned in European media. During the
Sixth Euro-Med Ministerial Conference in Brussels, 2003, it is stated that this initiative
offers the EU's neighbouring partners "gradual integration into the expanded European
internal market and the possibility of ultimately reaching the EU's four fundamental
freedoms: free movement of goods, services, capital and people." Ministers were also
expected to back the Commission's proposal to set up a Euro-Mediterranean Foundation
for the Dialogue of Cultures, a Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly and a
reinforced European Investment Bank (EIB).
In June 2006, after his Leftist coalition government signalised that they would be much
more lenient with Muslim immigration to Italy, Romano Prodi announced that "It's time to
look south and relaunch a new policy of cooperation[54] for the Mediterranean." He was
thinking of the Euro-Mediterranean partnership, launched in 1994 in Barcelona. Prodi said
he had raised the issue with Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak, and Libyan leader
Muammar Gaddafi. The prime minister then explained that the Barcelona Process – which
includes the creation of a free trade zone by 2010 - was no longer sufficient and a new
different approach was needed. "The countries on the southern shores of the
Mediterranean expect that from us" he added.
Muslim immigration is costing enormous sums and creating havoc across Western
Europe, and EU leaders are working to give Muslims easier access to Europe – because
Arabs expect this from them. Thank you for pointing this out, Mr. Prodi. And thank you
for removing all doubts whether the European Union needs to be dismantled[55], and its
treacherous and corrupt political elites removed from power.
Source:
http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/011958.php
1. http://www.thelocal.se/article.php?ID=1456
2. http://www.faithfreedom.org/oped/Fjordman60527.htm
3. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/12/immigrant-rape-wave-in-sweden.html
4. http://www.aftonbladet.se/vss/nyheter/story/utskrift/0,3258,845794,00.html
5. http://www.frisch.uio.no/sammendrag/473_eng.html
6. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/227
7. http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/iriks/article1108140.ece
8. http://www.nrk.no/nyheter/innenriks/3946310.html
9. http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/iriks/politikk/article1348280.ece
10. http://dansk-svensk.blogspot.com/2005/12/velfrdskommisionen-foreslr.html
11. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/88766.html
12. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1084368.ece
13. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1324807.ece
14. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1333005.ece
15. http://oslopuls.no/nyheter/article1354613.ece
16. http://oslopuls.no/nyheter/article1354614.ece
17. http://www.dagbladet.no/magasinet/2006/06/15/468983.html
18. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1096647.ece
19. http://www.samfunnsforskning.no/page/Publications/English_Publications_articles/7982/22736-8089.html
20. http://www.tcsdaily.com/article.aspx?id=0614055
21. http://www.jp.dk/login?url=indland/artikel:aid=3595936
22. http://www.aftenposten.no/meninger/kronikker/article985370.ece
23. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/007569.php
24. http://www.rights.no/hrs_publ_gen/ute_av_syne/hrs_75.60_031128_101.htm
25. http://www.vg.no/pub/vgart.hbs?artid=230718
26. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/89881.html
27. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/91985.html
28. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/88579.html
29. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4865288.stm
30. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,2089-2157935,00.html
31. http://www.expatica.com/source/site_article.asp?
subchannel_id=26&story_id=28932&name=Police+brought+in+as+teachers+lose+control+at+Berlin+school
http://59.911.10.738subf36:EMlpoga918318646547НЖ
32. http://www.danielpipes.org/article/450
33. http://www.berlingske.dk/grid/kronikker:aid=624134
34. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/91517.html
35. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/06/denmark-doormen-arm-themselves-against.html
36. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/91388.html
37. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article856476.ece
38. http://www.dagbladet.no/nyheter/2001/07/18/269835.html
39. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/09/sweden-steep-rise-in-crime.html
40. http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/0003/13/dokument.html
41. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml;jsessionid=E0BETDS1VH3GLQFIQMFCM5OAVCBQYJVC?
xml=/news/2005/09/14/wpris14.xml&pos=news_puff2&_requestid=40969
42. http://www.guardian.co.uk/religion/Story/0,2763,1485433,00.html
43. http://www.andrewbostom.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=97&Itemid=27
44. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article811077.ece
45. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article754830.ece
46. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?
xml=/news/2004/01/18/wirq18.xml&sSheet=/news/2004/01/18/ixnewstop.html
47. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1109447.ece
48. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1362852.ece
49. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,22989-1723196,00.html
50. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,2087-1785953_1,00.html
51. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/10/ali-sina-muslims-pooh-pooh-golden-rule.html
52. http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/728863.html
53. http://ec.europa.eu/comm/external_relations/euromed/conf/naples/index.htm
54. http://www.adnki.com/index_2Level_English.php?cat=Politics&loid=8.0.311746780&par=0
55. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/06/why-eu-needs-to-be-destroyed-and-soon.html
Modern Jihad
Sura 9 Verse 29
Fight against those who believe not in Allah, nor in the Last Day, nor forbid that which has
been forbidden by Allah and His Messenger.
… and fight against those who acknowledge not the religion of truth (i.e., Islam) among the
People of the Scripture (Jews and Christians), until they pay the Jizyah (Tax for
Jews/Christians) with willing submission and feel themselves subdued.
Sura 9 Verse 5
Kill the unbelievers wherever you find them. …But if they repent and accept Islam … then
leave their way free.
2.29 Current and recent Jihads in Asia and Africa
Islam has systematically murdered more than 300 million individuals (Yes three-hundred-
million), 3/4 Hindu/Buddhist, Animist/Pagan 1/4 Christian/Jewish/ Zoroastrian and
enslaved more than 300 million the last 1400 years. This isnt "history", its continuing
while we speak on multiple fronts around the world!
The Jihads and genocides are continuing as we speak all over the world
Asia
Jihad in Afghanistan (Muslims vs. Hindus and Sikhs)
Afghanistan ethnic cleansing in 1992. When the Islamic fundamentalist regime of the
Mujahadeens came to power in 1992, tens of thousands of Hindus and Sikhs from Kabul,
became refugees, and had to pay steep ransom to enter into Pakistan without a visa.
Jihad in Iran (Muslims vs. Christians and Zorastrians)
Source:
1. http://www.holycrime.com/CrimeFlog24.asp
2. Mary Boyce, Zoroastrians: Their Religious Beliefs and Practices, London, 1979, 2001, and .A Persian Stronghold of
Zoroastrianism (based on the Ratanbai Katrak lectures, 1975), Lanham, Maryland, 1989; During the initial jihad conquest of
Persia, for example, 40,000 Zoroastrians were killed defending the royal city of Istakhr, where the religious library was housed.
3. Boyce, A Persian Stronghold of Zoroastrianism, pp. 7-8;
Jihad in Chechnya and Dagestan
In August and September of 1999, Shamil Basayev (in association with the Saudi born
Khattab, Commander of the Mujahedeen) led two armies of up to 1,400 Chechen,
Dagestani, Arab and Kazakh militants from Chechnya into the neighbouring Republic of
Dagestan. The purpose was to help local separatist rebels who were attacking Russian
Federation forces in the villages of Kadar, Karamakhi, and Chabanmakhi. By mid-
September 1999, the militants were routed from the villages and pushed back into
Chechnya. At least several hundred people were killed in the fighting; the Federal side
reported 279 servicemen killed and approximately 900 wounded.
Source:
http://www.ceri-sciencespo.com/publica/cemoti/textes38/roshchin.pdf
Jihad against Armenia
Current situation:
One of the biggest problems in Armenia is maintaining a replacement birth rate. Lack of
support from Europe. Pressure from Muslim Azerbaijan and Turkey.
Jihad in Turkey
Examples:
In a way, the Hellenic Genocide still didn't end, as its few survivors are persecuted right
now in all territories ruled by the Turks, especially in Constantinople and Imvros. For
instance, in Imvros, in 1999, a six years old Greek boy was burned alive by the Turks.
The Orthodox Patriarchate, located in Constantinople, which has a similar meaning as the
Vatican, is attacked often. The rights of the few survivors of the Hellenic Genocide are
shamefully denied. The Treaty of Lausanne is continually disrespected. Even the frequent
invasions by Turkey of the airspace and the territorial sea of Greece (which amount to
hundreds every year), can be considered reflexes of its extermination policy. If for the
Turkish rulers, the Greeks don't have the right to live, they don't have any rights.
Jihad in Iraq (Muslims vs. Christians and Jews)
Attacks on Churches in Iraq (2004-2008)
The first church bombing occurred on June 26, 2004, and drew little attention. Two
unidentified men in a silver Opel throw a hand bomb at the Holy Spirit Church in Mosul.
Five weeks later, on August 1st, 2004, coordinated bombings struck five churches, four in
Baghdad and 1 in Mosul. 52 churches have been attacked from June 26, 2004 until the
January 6, 2008.
Other sources:
1. http://www.krg.org/articles/detail.asp?smap=02010200&lngnr=12&asnr=&anr=24003&rnr=73
2. http://www.danielpipes.org/article/161
Jihad in India (Muslims vs. Hindus)
Source:
1. http://www.rediff.com/news/1999/feb/12rajee1.htm The Rediff Interview/ Francois Gautier
2. http://www.geocities.com/prakashjm45/contratoihb.html
3. http://www.geocities.com/prakashjm45/toi_gfis.html
4. http://www.geocities.com/prakashjm45/faa.html
5. http://www.geocities.com/prakashjm45/contratoihb.html#omg
6. http://www.geocities.com/prakashjm45/
7. http://www.mumbai-central.com/nukkad/aug2002/msg00168.html
http://islamicterrorism.wordpress.com/2008/04/18/prophet-muhammad-on-holy-war-against-al-hind-india/
Jihad in Pakistan (Muslims vs. Hindus and Christians)
Pakistan is one of just many Muslim countries in Asia who continue to systematically
annihilate all non-Muslim communities. Hindu temples and churches are periodically
destroyed in Pakistan.
Sources:
http://www.unhcr.org/refworld/publisher,HRW,,PAK,3ae6a7d58,0.html
http://india_resource.tripod.com/pakistan.html
a. According to Discover the Working Child, "On some [brick-kiln] sites as many as 14 children for every 10 adults have been
found working," p. 16.
b. Human Rights Commission of Pakistan, Bonded Labour in the Brick-kiln Industry of Pakistan, p. 2.
c. Religious minorities in Pakistan (Hindus, Christians, Ahmadis, and Parsis) constitute less than 5 percent of the total
population.
d. Human Rights Watch interview, Lahore, November 1993.
10. The exchange rate for Pakistani rupees [currency] at the time of publication was U.S. $1= Rs.30.
e. Human Rights Watch interview, brick-kiln near Kasur, October 1993.
f. Human Rights Watch interview, Lahore, October 1993.
g. Human Rights Watch interview, brick-kiln on the outskirts of Lahore, October 1993.
h. Human Rights Watch interview, brick-kiln on the outskirts of Lahore, October 1993.
Jihad against Kashmiri Hindus (Genocide and demographic warfare)
Sources:
1. Bhat, A (Ed). (2003). Kashmiri Pandits: Problems and Perspectives. New Delhi: Rupa.
2. Evans, A. (2002, March 1). A Departure from History: Kashmiri Pandits, 1990-2001. Contemporary South Asia, 11(1), 19-37.
3. Pant, K. (1987). The Kashmiri Pandit: Story of a Community in Exile in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Centuries. Delhi: Allied.
4. Said, E. (1995). The Politics of Dispossession: The Struggle for Self-Determination, 1969-1994. London: Vintage.
5. Sazawal, V. (2000, April). A New Focus, a New Vision. Koshur Samachar, 3.
6. http://www.iakf.org/main/index.php?module=article&view=173
7. http://islamicterrorism.wordpress.com/2008/06/21/190190-the-day-when-kashmiri-pandits-fled-islamic-terror/
Jihad in Bangladesh (Muslims vs. Hindus)
Bangladesh has a population of about 120 million, nearly 88 percent of whom
are Muslim.
Examples:
The HRCBM, a Santa Clara-based organisation that investigates and exposes human
rights violations in Bangladesh, has recorded a few outrages against Hindus in
Bangladesh during 2000:
On March 29, 2000, Malarani Roy of Karagola village was abducted by Muslims. She was
brutally beaten up and gang-raped. The local police found her, but refused to register a
case. On June 26, a group of Muslims directed Smriti Rani Saha of Sirajganj town to
migrate to India. When she refused, she was abducted, gang-raped and brutally
murdered. On May 28, Debasish Saha of Poradaha was fatally shot by a Muslim gang. On
June 4, Mayaram Tripura of Balipara was shot dead by local Muslims. On October 6,
2000, Muslim devotees, after offering namaaz at the Gajipur Jama Masjid, strolled across
to the Hindu Kali temple, destroyed the puja pandal, smashed the idols, and looted
nearby Hindu-owned shops.
Jihad in Southern-Thailand (Muslims vs. Buddhists)
Areas: Pattani, Yala, Narathiwat and Songkhla
Jihad in Southern Philippines (Muslims vs. Christians)
Areas: Mindanao and Sulu-arkipelet, Basilan, Sulu and Tawi-Tawi.
Jihad on East-Timor (Muslims vs. Christians)
Indonesian Muslims slaughtered a third of the population of this former Portuguese
colony who are Roman Catholics.
Jihad in Indonesia (Muslims vs. Christians)
In Indonesia itself we had religious conflicts in the Spice Islands where the Christian
minority are in danger of extinction.
Muslims vs. backpacking tourists in Bali.
Jihad in West-China, Xinjiang (Muslims vs. Buddhists)
Uighur Islamists have waged a low-level campaign against Chinese rule for
decades.Turkestan Islamic Party seek to create an Islamic republic for the Muslim Uighur
people. Western media have condemned the actions of the Chinese government counter-
campaigns against the “poor outnumbered rebels”.
Africa
Jihad in Egypt
Jihad against Christian Copts.
Egypt also support the Jihad in Sudan. They see a Muslim Sudan not as an
enemy but as an ally in the future conflict with Ethiopia
Jihad in Marocco, Algeria, Tunisia Libya[1]
In Marocco, Algeria and Libya Christianity has died out due to centuries of Genocides,
persecutions and harsh forms of dhimmitude. Judaism on the other hand survived but
only barely[1].
Racist Jihad is still ongoing (Arabisation). As an illustration; In Libya, there are routinely
murderous riots against black Africans (in one of which
a diplomat from Chad was hung from a pole in Tripoli and left dangling for
the edification and delight of spectators)[2].
Source:
1. http://www.danielpipes.org/article/161
2. http://www.mail-archive.com/osint@yahoogroups.com/msg31648.html
Jihad in Kenya
http://www.danielpipes.org/comments/118346
Jihad in Sudan (Muslims vs. Christians and Animists)
http://www.danielpipes.org/article/5325
http://www.danielpipes.org/blog/comments/109331
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muslim_brotherhood#cite_note-59
1.5 million Christians and animists beaten, murdered, raped and starved to death by the
Muslim rulers of Sudan since the 1980s.
Jihad in Nigeria
Christians are under assault in every single country where Islam is present. They have
been under assault, most famously, in Nigeria, where in 1967 the Christian Ibos, far
more advanced and industrious than their Muslim overlords, rebelled and declared the
independence of the State of Biafra. The proximate cause were the mass murders by
Muslims of Christian Ibo all over northern Nigeria. But the Western world did nothing to
help the Christian Ibo, while the Muslims, including Egyptian pilots and planes that
strafed Ibo villages, killing tens of thousands of helpless villagers, did provide aid. Only
two countries in the world recognised Biafra: Israel and Ghana (Kwame Nkrumah,
Osagyefo, if he did not always understand economics, did understand Islam). In 1969, in
his famous Ahiara Declaration, the leader of Biafra, Colonel Ojukwu, explained that the
main reason for the Biafran fight was to defend the Christians against, as he put it, the
"jihad" being conducted against it. That jihad by the Muslims who control the military and
have largely stolen the oil wealth of Nigeria (with a little help from some islamochristians
willing to collaborate) continues today. Western Europe has done nothing to help the
Biafrans in their fight for independence after repeated widespread jihad-massacres of
Christians.
More information on the subject
Christian Ljaw and the Niger Delta conflicts:
Source:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ijaw
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niger_Delta_conflicts
http://www.mail-archive.com/osint@yahoogroups.com/msg31648.html
Jihad in Cote d'Ivoire and Togo
The Christians are under siege in the Cote d'Ivoire and in Togo. The more advanced
southerners, the Ewe tribe whose territory cuts across national borders are fleeing from
the Islamic menace.
Racist Jihad against blacks in Mali and Mauretania (Arabisation)
Black Africans are enslaved in Mali and Mauritania, but not a syllable of
protest has come from the Arab League about this, though both countries are
members of that league.
Black non-Arab Muslims (or nominal Muslims) are being killed, their cattle destroyed,
their huts and houses burned, their women raped, their men all killed. And every single
person who has lived to testify has talked of how the various Arab marauders say that
"they are black and must be killed." Imagine, just imagine, if there were not a hundred
thousand such incidents (as have taken place in Darfur) or a million (as in the southern
Sudan) but even one such event, anywhere in the Western world, by a Western
government.
Then ask why there is such a different standard, such fear of telling the truth, about how
Islam is a vehicle for Arab supremacist ideology, and Arabs among the supreme racists of
history, who persuade those they conquer to abandon, forget, despise their own pasts,
and to assume pseudo-Arab identities, and to take as their own models some Arabs who
lived in 7th century Arabia.
Source:
http://www.mail-archive.com/osint@yahoogroups.com/msg31648.html
Jihad in Ethiopia
Christian 60.8%
Muslim 32.8% (1994 census)
Demographic warfare (growing Muslim population) and Muslim demands to change the
very nature of Ethiopia.
There are also Jihads in the following countries:
- Uzbekistan
- Tajikistan
- Eritrea
- Tanzania
- Chad
- Angola
- Jordan
- United Arab Emirates
- Qatar
- Nepal
- The Maldives
- Australia
- Argentina
...and pretty much wherever Muslims believe their religion tells them to:
"Fight those who do not believe in Allah, ... nor follow the religion of truth... until they pay
the tax in acknowledg-ment of superiority and they are in a state of subjection."
Qur'an, Sura 9:29
Various Jihadi genocides against Christians
For a complete overview and further documentation go to www.aina.org.
2.30 Overview of Jihadi terror attacks
None of the European media organisations makes any attempt to track or create
overviews of Jihadi terror attacks. There is one website however who have taken such
steps in cataloguing these atrocities:
From: http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/
Islamic Terrorists Have Carried Out More Than 13200 Deadly Terror Attacks Since 9/11.
(As of May 2009).
This is just a sample time period:
List of Islamic Terror Attacks over a period of 2 Months
Time frame: 22.08.2008 – 20.10.2008

The website lists an overview of Jihadi terror acts since 2001.
Unfortunately, this is only the top of the ice berg. There are hundreds more attacks
occurring every single day, across the world, which are not documented. This includes
Europeans slain by Muslims living in Europe. There is no website as far as we know who
catalogue these atrocities.
Rough estimates of non-Muslims (primarily native Europeans) slain by Muslims living in
Europe since 1960:
10 000 – 20 000
See book 3, “charges” for more estimates.
2.31 Muslim Persecution of Christians
By Robert Spencer
“Get out your weapons,” commanded Jaffar Umar Thalib, a 40-year-old Muslim cleric,
over Indonesian radio in May 2002. “Fight to the last drop of blood.”[1]
The target of this Jihad was Indonesian Christians. Christians, Jaffar explained, were
“belligerent infidels” (kafir harbi) and entitled to no mercy. This designation was not
merely a stylistic flourish on Jaffar’s part. On the contrary, kafir harbi is a category of
infidel that is clearly delineated in Islamic theology. By using this term, Jaffar was not
only inciting his followers to violence, but telling them that their actions were
theologically sanctioned.
Jaffar’s words had consequences. The death toll among Indonesian Christians in the
chaos that followed was estimated to be as high as 10,000, with countless thousands
more left homeless.[2] Journalist Rod Dreher reported in 2002 that Jaffar Umar Thalib’s
jihadist group, Laskar Jihad, had also “forcibly converted thousands more, and
demolished hundreds of churches.”[3]
What happened in Indonesia was treated by the international press as an isolated
incident. In fact, however, the violent jihad there was part of the ongoing persecution of
Christians by Muslims throughout the Islamic world. This violence, reminiscent of
barbarous religious conflicts of seven hundred years ago, is the dirty little secret of
contemporary religion. Fearful of offending Muslim sensibilities, the international
community has averted its gaze, allowing the persecution to take place in the darkness.
Nowhere else is religious bigotry legitimated by holy writ, in this case the Quran, or by a
significant number of religious leaders, in this case imams. Nowhere else does religious
bigotry have such bloody consequences. Nowhere else does such religious bigotry take
place almost entirely without comment, let alone condemnation, from the human rights
community.
Christian persecution by Muslims has become a familiar narrative, repeated with
terrifying frequency in Muslim controlled areas throughout the world, but especially in the
Middle East.
Murdered Christian Clergy in Iraq
On April 5, 2008, Youssef Adel, an Assyrian Orthodox priest at St. Peter and Paul church
in Baghdad, was killed in a drive-by shooting as he was opening the gate of his house.[4]
This attack came just weeks after the death of Archbishop Paulos Faraj Rahho of the
Chaldean Catholic Church, who was kidnapped in the Iraqi city of Mosul on February 29
while three Christians with him were also killed. On March 12, the kidnappers phoned a
church in Mosul to announce that Archbishop Rahho was dead, and indicate where the
body could be found.[5]
While mosques proliferate throughout the west, Christian clergymen have become an
endangered species in Iraq. In October 2006, a Syrian Orthodox priest, Fr. Boulos
Iskander, went shopping for auto parts in the Iraqi city of Mosul. He was never seen alive
again. A Muslim group kidnapped him and initially demanded $350,000 in ransom; they
eventually lowered this to $40,000, but added a new demand: Fr. Boulos’ parish had to
denounce the mildly critical remarks about Islam made the previous month by Pope
Benedict in an address in Regensburg, Germany, that had caused rioting all over the
Islamic world. The ransom was paid, and the church dutifully posted thirty large signs all
over Mosul
denouncing the Pope’s statements. All to no avail: when Fr. Boulos’ remains were
discovered, he had not only been murdered but dismembered.
Five hundred Christians attended the funeral. Looking at the crowd, another priest
commented: “Many more wanted to come to the funeral, but they were afraid. We are in
very bad circumstances now.”[6]
There is no doubt of that. The murders of these three clergymen took place against a
backdrop of increasing danger for Christians in Iraq. In March 2007, Islamic gangs
knocked on doors in Christian neighbourhoods in Baghdad, demanding payment of the
Jizya, the religion-based tax assessed by Islamic law against Christians, Jews, and other
non Muslim groups who live in Muslim lands.[7] Meanwhile, Christian women throughout
the country are threatened with kidnapping or death if they do not wear a headscarf. In
accord with traditional Islamic legal restrictions on Christians “openly displaying wine or
pork” (in the words of a legal manual endorsed by Cairo’s venerable Al-Azhar
University), liquor store owners in Iraq have likewise been threatened.[8] Many
businesses have been destroyed, and the owners have fled.
In fact, half of the nation’s prewar 700,000 Christians have fled the country since 2003.
The difference in the violence they face is one of degrees. Even in the relatively secular
Iraq of Saddam Hussein, where the notorious Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz was a
Chaldean Catholic Christian, the small Christian community faced random violenc from
the Muslim majority. Aside from outbreaks of actual persecution, including murder,
Christians were routinely pressured to renounce their religion and to marry Muslims.[9]
Iraqi Christians today are streaming into Syria, or, if they can, out of the Middle East
altogether. An Iraqi businessman now living in Syria lamented that “now at least 75% of
my Christian friends have fled. There is no future for us in Iraq.”[10]
Coptic Christians victimised in Egypt
In Egypt, Coptic Christians have suffered discrimination and harassment for centuries.
Rather than being mitigated by the growing tolerance and interconnection of the global
community, the jeopardy of Christians is increasing today, with mob attacks on churches
and on individual Christians becoming more frequent. In February 2007, rumours that a
Coptic Christian man was having an affair with a Muslim woman – a violation of Islamic
law – led to a rampage that resulted in the destruction of several Christian-owned shops
in southern Egypt.[11] And besides physical attacks, Christians have been restricted from
speaking freely. In August 2007, two Coptic rights activists were arrested for “publishing
articles and declarations that are damaging to Islam and insulting to Prophet Mohammed
on the United Copts web site.”[12]
Mistreatment of Christians in Egypt frequently meets with indifference – or worse yet,
complicity -- from Egyptian authorities. In June 2007, rioters in Alexandria vandalised
Christian shops, attacked and injured seven Christians, and damaged two Coptic
churches. Police allowed the mob to roam free in Alexandria’s Christian quarter for an
hour and a half before intervening. The Compass Direct News service, which tracks
incidents of Christian persecution, noted: “In
April 2006, Alexandria was the scene of three knife attacks on churches that killed one
Christian and left a dozen more injured. The government appeared unable or unwilling to
halt subsequent vandalism of Coptic-owned shops and churches...”[13]
The ordeal of Suhir Shihata Gouda exemplifies the experience of many Egyptian
Christians, and principally of Christian women, who are frequently victimised by Muslim
men.[14] According to the Jubilee Campaign, which records incidences of Christian
persecution:
[A Christian woman named Suhir] was kidnapped on February 25th [1999] by a group of
Muslims who forced her to marry a Muslim man, Saed Sadek Mahmoud. After Suhir failed
to return home from school, her distraught father rushed to Abu-Tisht police station to
report the incident, but instead of assisting him, a police officer began assaulting Suhir’s
father…beating and cursing him. Three days later, Suhir’s father and brother returned to the
police station to ask for help and they were subjected to the same abuse, as a result of
which the father had to be admitted to hospital for treatment.
Suhir herself managed to escape, but was recaptured “and beaten for running away and
is currently under heavy guard.” Her Muslim “husband” accompanied a mob to her
father’s house where they threatened to kill all the Christian
men in Suhir’s home village, and carry off all the women, if her family took legal action.
[15]
Bishop Wissa of Egypt’s Coptic Orthodox Church painted a grim picture in an interview
with the Protestant organisation Prayer for the Persecuted Church in May 2000:
One man in his 20s was in the field working when he was approached by armed Muslims.
He was asked to renounce Christianity and to verbally say the two statements of faith that
would convert him to Islam. When he refused and did the sign of the cross, he was shot in
the head and killed. Another young man had a tattoo on his arm of St. George and the
Virgin Mary. They also asked him to renounce his faith. When he refused, they cut off his
arm that had the Christian tattoos and chopped it up. They finished him off with their
daggers and then burned his body.
A 17-year-old boy, who is a deacon at the church, was going to look for his sister in the
fields. He too was asked to renounce his faith, and when he refused, he was shot. After
they killed him, they asked the young girl to lay next to her brother and they killed her
right there.
The Egyptian government, caught between the demands of Sharia and its secular laws,
couldn’t entirely ignore these acts of murder. It compensated each of the families of
these victims, albeit in a manner that only underscored the relatively cheapness of a
Christian life: each family received eight hundred dollars. And this was only because of
the notoriety of the cases. The families of other victims,
however, get neither recompense nor justice. One man’s son was on his way to school
when Islamic militants stopped the school bus on which he was riding and ordered the
Christians to separate from the Muslims. They demanded that the boy renounce his faith.
When he refused, says Bishop Wissa, “they killed him with an axe, and then they drove
over his body with their car.” Authorities called the death a vehicular accident, and denied
the father compensation — just as they did previously when Muslim militants destroyed
his shop.[16]
Jihadist Aggression against Christians in Pakistan
In Pakistan the situation for Christians is no better. Fr. Emmanuel Asi, chairman of the
Theological Institute for Laity in Lahore and secretary of the Catholic Bible
Commission of Pakistan, said in August 2007 that Pakistani Christians are frequently
denied equality of rights with Muslims and subjected to various forms of discrimination.
Jihadist aggression, he said, can “at any time” bring “every imaginable kind of problem”
upon Pakistan’s Christians.[17]
As in Egypt, Christians in Pakistan have been subjected to mob violence and threats. In
August 2007, Christians (as well as Hindus) in Peshawar in northern Pakistan received
letters from a jihadist group ordering them to convert to Islam in a matter of days or
“your colony will be ruined.” The deadline passed, but according to Compass Direct, the
Christians continued “to live in fear, canceling church activities and skipping
services.”[18] They had good reason to be worried, since jihadists had made good their
promises to attack Pakistani churches in the past. In an attack in a Peshawar church on
October 28, 2001, for instance, eighteen Christians were murdered during the Sunday
morning worship service.[19] In another church attack on March 17, 2002, five Christians
were killed and forty wounded. The entire Pakistani Christian community lived under the
shadow of an al-Qaeda threat to kill “two Christians in retaliation for every Muslim killed
in the U.S. military strikes in Afghanistan.”[20]
In addition to group attacks, there is also individual harassment. Pakistani Christian
schoolteacher Cadherine Shaheen was “pressured to convert to Islam.” When she
resisted, she was finally told that if she did not capitulate she would face serious
consequences. Soon she was accused of blasphemy. All the area mosques posted copies
a poster bearing her name and picture. “This was a death sentence for me,” says
Shaheen. “It’s considered an honour for one of the Muslim men to kill a blasphemer. Just
before me, the Muslims murdered a school principal accused of blasphemy. I was next.”
Shaheen went underground, where upon Pakistani police arrested her father and
brothers. Her father, age 85, soon died. Cadherine made her way to the United States.
“It’s horrible for Christians in Pakistan,” she now says. “The Muslims take our land, rob
our homes, try to force us to accept Islam. Young girls are kidnapped and raped. Then
they’re told that if they want a husband who will accept them after that defilement, they
must become Muslim.”[21]
Religious Cleansing Elsewhere in the Islamic world
The same dispiriting story is repeated all over the Muslim world. In June 2007 Christians
in Gaza appealed to the international community for protection after jihadists destroyed a
church and a school.[22] In Sudan, the Khartoum regime has for years waged a bloody
jihad against the Christians in the southern part of the country, killing two million
Sudanese Christians and displacing five million
more.[23] In Spring 2003 jihadists burned to death a Sudanese Christian pastor and his
family while carrying out an unprovoked massacre of 59 villagers.[24]
In Nigeria, Muslim mobs have torched churches, enforced Sharia codes on Christians, and
even horse-whipped female Christian college students whom they deemed improperly
dressed.[25] Over 2,000 people were killed in 2001 in Muslim instigated riots in the city
of Jos. All over Nigeria, Islamic jihadists continue to try to impose the Sharia over the
whole country, despite its sizable Christian population. A report warned that in Jos, “the
conflict could recur, since Muslim militants are still bent on attacking Christians.”[26]
Even in Lebanon, traditionally the Middle East’s sole Christian land, Christians suffer
persecution -- marked most notably by an ongoing series of assassinations of Christian
political leaders, including the bombing in a Christian suburb of Beirut in September 2007
that killed Antoine Ghanem of the Christian Phalange party.[27] This has led to declining
numbers and declining influence – which in turn encourages yet more persecution.
Communities that date back almost two thousand years to the dawn of Christianity have
been steadily decreasing in numbers; now the faith is on the verge of disappearing from
the area altogether.
Muslim militants in Algeria have targeted that country’s small group of Catholics for
years. In 1994, they killed a priest, a nun, and four missionaries; in 1995, two nuns; in
1996, a bishop and fourteen monks. Many of those who were murdered were trying to
establish friendly relations with the Muslim community. Bishop Pierre Claverie of Oran,
killed in 1996, “had dedicated his life to promoting dialogue between Islam and
Christianity; he was known as the ‘Bishop of the Muslims’ and had studied Islam in depth
— indeed to such an extent that...the Muslims themselves would consult him on the
subject.”[28]
In early 2002 in Malawi, according to Compass Direct, two local Christians “have been
stoned, threatened with machetes and warned by local Muslim leaders that they will be
sent back to their original villages as corpses if they continue to hold meetings in their
houses.”[29]
According to Aid to the Church in Need, in Bangladesh “on April 28 1998, a crowd —
instigated by the Islamists — ransacked and partly burnt down the Catholic girls’ college
of St. Francis Xavier, the churches of Santa Croce and St. Thomas in the capital, and the
Baptist church in Sadarghat. Some priests, nuns and even ordinary workers have been
threatened with death.”
The occasion for this violence seems to have been a dispute over land: “The reason for
the conflict was a plot of land belonging to the church which the adjacent mosque wanted
for itself. Seven thousand people, incited via a loud-hailer with claims that the mosque
had been invaded by Christians and Jews, broke into the St Francis Xavier College,
burning books, smashing crucifixes and statues of the Virgin, breaking down doors,
windows and ransacking the dormitories.”[30]
Libyan strongman Muammar Qaddafi is likewise intolerant of Christians. Aid to the
Church in Need reports that in Libya, “The majority of the Christian churches were closed
following the revolution of 1969, despite the fact that the words of the Constitution
guarantee the liberty of religion. After expelling the Italian and Maltese Catholics, Qaddafi
turned the cathedral in the capital into a mosque.”[31]
Since the Turkish occupation of northern Cyprus in 1974, churches have been despoiled
of icons, which have flooded the black market in Greece. The Turks have taken over
many churches for secular uses, and even tried to convert
the fourth century monastery of San Makar into a hotel. Christian Cypriots are forbidden
to come near the building, much less enter it.[32]
Muslim militants seem determined to drive all Christians out of the country. In Tur-Abdin
in southwest Turkey in 1960, there were 150,000 Christians; today there are just over
two thousand. Terrorism is employed where subtler means of
persuasion fail: according to Aid to the Church in Need, “on December 3, 1997, a bomb
exploded in the headquarters of the Ecumenical Patriarch, injuring a deacon and
damaging the church.”[33] The Turkish government, meanwhile, has
closed the last remaining Orthodox seminary, and with its requirement that the Patriarch
of Constantinople be a Turkish citizen, seems intent upon destroying the patriarchate.
In Indonesia, the massacres of Christians by Laskar Jihad in 2002 described above were
not the beginning or the end of the plight of Christians there. In Java in 1996, Muslims
destroyed thirteen churches. Thirteen more churches were torched in Djakarta in 1998
by mobs shouting, “We are Muslim gentlemen and they are Christian pigs” and,
paraphrasing the Qur’an, “Kill all the pagans!” One Muslim shouted at an army officer
who was trying to protect some Christians to “stand aside and allow Islamic justice to
take its course.”[34]
Human rights organisations report that Indonesian jihadists, often abetted by local
government officials, have forced the closing of 110 churches in Indonesia between 2004
and 2007.[35] Because of the violence, incidents of commonplace Christian charity have
been transformed into homilies on what appear to be the perdurable differences between
Islam and Christianity: Aid to the Church in Need tells of “eight Sisters of the Little Child
Jesus, on arriving in Cileduk, a suburb of Java, were attacked by stone-throwing
Muslims; they responded by building a care centre for children, an old people’s home and
a school.”
And in the most horrific instance of Muslim persecution of Christians in Indonesia, in
October 2005, three Islamic jihadists beheaded three Christian girls and severely
wounded a fourth as they walked to school near the city of Poso.[36] For this ghastly
triple murder, an Indonesian court sentenced the organiser of the attack to twenty years
in prison; his two accomplices both got fourteen years.[37]
Christians who have converted from Islam suffer special hatred. But those born to the
faith don’t have it much easier. Saudi Arabia, the holy land of Islam, has been especially
harsh on religious minorities. Even foreigners must submit to draconian Saudi religious
laws:
In 1979, when the Muslims requested the intervention of a special French unit into the
Kaaba, against a group of Islamic fundamentalists who were opposed to the government,
the soldiers of the intervention force of the French national police (GIGN — Groupe
d’intervention de la Gendarmerie nationale) were obliged to undergo a rapid ceremony of
conversion to Islam. Even the Red Cross was obliged, during the course of the Gulf war, to
drive around without the symbol of the Cross and not to display its banner.[38]
Adds former U. S. Foreign Service Officer Tim Hunter, who served in Saudi Arabia from
1993 to 1995, “On occasion they beat, even tortured, Americans in Jeddah for as little as
possessing a photograph with a Star of David in
the background or singing Christmas carols....The Mutawa [Saudi religious police]
chained, beat and cast clergy into medieval-style dungeons.”[39]
Amnesty International reports that an Indian named George Joseph, who was working in
Saudi Arabia, “was reportedly arrested outside his home in May [2000] as he returned
from a Catholic service with a religious cassette tape.”[40]
In early 2003 the Saudi government reaffirmed that there was not and would never be a
church in the Kingdom. “This country was the launchpad for the prophecy and the
message, and nothing can contradict this, even if we lose our necks,” said Prince Sultan,
the Saudi defence minister. Responding to complaints that American military and
diplomatic personnel were not allowed to practice their faith, he called them “fanatics”
and declared: “There are no churches — not in the past, the present or future. . . .
Whoever said that [churches should be established] must shut up and be ashamed.”[41]
Reports in early 2008 that Pope Benedict XVI and the Vatican were in talks with Saudi
officials to open a church in the Kingdom were put in perspective quickly by Anwar
Ashiqi, president of the Saudi centre for Middle East strategic studies, in an interview on
the Arab television network al-Arabiya. “I haven taken part in several meetings related to
Islamic-Christian dialogue and there have been negotiations on this issue,” he explained.
However, “it would be possible to launch official negotiations to construct a church in
Saudi Arabia only after the Pope and all the Christian churches recognise the prophet
Mohammed. If they don’t recognise him as a prophet, how can we have a church in the
Saudi kingdom?”[42]
The religious cleansing of Christians in the Muslim world does not surprise anyone
familiar with the origins of Islam. The prophet Muhammad declared: “I will expel the
Jews and Christians from the Arabian Peninsula and will not leave any but Muslims.”[43]
According to a modern Islamic legal manual, Christians are “forbidden to reside in the
Hijaz, meaning the area and towns around Mecca, Medina, and Yamama, for more than
three days.”[44] In fact, the highways in Saudi Arabia that lead to Mecca and Medina
feature, a good distance away from the holy cities, exits marked “Non-Muslims Must Exit
Here.”
The Punishment for Conscience is Death
Converts from Islam to Christianity are often hunted in the Muslim world, where virtually
all religious authorities agree that such individuals deserve death. Muhammad himself
commanded such a punishment: “Whoever changed his Islamic religion, then kill
him.”[45] This is still the position of all the schools of Islamic jurisprudence, although
there is some disagreement over whether the law applies only to men, or to women also.
At Cairo’s Al-Azhar University, the most prestigious and influential institution in the
Islamic world, an Islamic manual certified as a reliable guide to Sunni Muslim orthodoxy
states: “When a person who has reached puberty and is sane voluntarily apostatises
from Islam, he deserves to be killed.” Although the right to kill an apostate is reserved in
Muslim law to the leader of the community and other Muslims can theoretically be
punished for taking this duty upon themselves, in practice a Muslim who kills an apostate
needs to pay no indemnity and perform no expiatory acts (as he must in other kinds of
murder cases under classic Islamic law). This accommodation is made because killing an
apostate “is killing someone who deserves to die.”[46]
IslamOnline, a website manned by a team of Islam scholars headed by the internationally
influential Sheikh Yusuf al-Qaradawi, explains, “If a sane person who has reached
puberty voluntarily apostatises from Islam, he deserves to be punished. In such a case, it
is obligatory for the caliph (or his representative) to ask him to repent and return to
Islam. If he does, it is accepted from him, but if he refuses, he is immediately killed.”
And what if someone doesn’t wait for a caliph to appear and takes matters into his own
hands? Although the killer is to be “disciplined” for “arrogating the caliph’s prerogative
and encroaching upon his rights,” there is “no blood money for killing an apostate (or any
expiation)” – in other words, no significant punishment for the killer.[47]
An Afghan named Abdul Rahman knows all this well. In February 2006, he was arrested
for the crime of leaving Islam for Christianity.[48] The Afghan Constitution stipulates that
“no law can be contrary to the beliefs and provisions of the sacred religion of Islam.”[49]
Even after his arrest, Western analysts seem to have had trouble grasping the import of
this provision. A “human rights expert” quoted by the Times of London summed up
confusion widespread in Western countries: “The constitution says Islam is the religion of
Afghanistan, yet it also mentions the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and Article
18 specifically forbids this kind of recourse. It really highlights the problem the judiciary
faces.”[50]
But in fact there was contraction. The Constitution may declare its “respect” for the
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, but it also says that no law can contradict Islamic
law. The Constitution’s definition of religious freedom is explicit: “The religion of the state
of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan is the sacred religion of Islam. Followers of other
religions are free to exercise their faith and perform their religious rites within the
limits of the provisions of law” [My emphasis].
The Islamic death penalty for apostasy is deeply ingrained in Islamic culture -- which is
one reason why it was Abdul Rahman’s own family that went to police to file a complaint
about his conversion. Whatever triggered their action in 2006, they could be confident
that the police would receive such a complaint with the utmost seriousness.
After an international outcry, Abdul Rahman was eventually spirited out of Afghanistan to
relative safety in Italy. Despite the publicity, his case was hardly unique. Sudanese Al-
Faki Kuku Hassan, whom news reports describe as “a former Muslim sheikh who
converted to Christianity in 1995,” was arrested for apostasy in March 1998 and held,
despite international protests, until his declining health (he suffered a stroke in Spring
2001) led to his release on May 31, 2001.[51]
Muhammad Sallam, an Egyptian convert to Christianity, was arrested in 1989 and
tortured; he was arrested again in 1998 and spirited away to an unknown destination.
Two other converts to Christianity in Egypt, Dr. Abdul-Rahman Muhammad Abdul-Ghaffar
and Abdul Hamid Beshan Abd El Mohzen, were held in solitary confinement for extended
periods in the late 1980s.
In Morocco, authorities jailed Christian converts as well as a Salvadoran Baptist musician,
Gilberto Orellana, who was accused of converting a Muslim to Christianity.[52] Even in
comparatively tolerant Jordan, where freedom of religion is guaranteed by the
Constitution, “Muslims who convert to other religions suffer discrimination both socially
and on the part of the authorities, since the government does not fully recognise the
legality of such conversions and considers the converts to be still Muslims, subject to the
Sharia, according to which they are apostates and could have their property confiscated
and many of their rights denied them.”[53]
Robert Hussein Qambar Ali, a Kuwaiti national who converted from Islam to Christianity
in the 1990s, was arrested and tried for apostasy, even though the Kuwaiti Constitution
guarantees the freedom of religion. Mohammad Al-Jadai, one of Hussein’s prosecutors,
explained: “Legislators did not regulate the question of apostasy in the Constitution
because they never thought this kind of thing could happen here. The freedom of belief
in the Constitution applies only to the religion of birth.”[54]
When Hussein asked during a court hearing to see a memorandum from the prosecution,
the prosecutor told the judge, “His blood is immoral! This document contains verses from
the Holy Qur’an and should not be touched by this infidel!” Then the prosecutor began
quoting a passage from the memorandum that made abundantly clear the relationship
between Kuwait’s ostensibly tolerant secular law and the Sharia: “With grief I have to say
that our criminal law does not include a penalty for apostasy. The fact is that the
legislature, in our humble opinion, cannot enforce a penalty for apostasy any more or
less than what our Allah and his messenger have decreed. The ones who will make the
decision about his apostasy are: our Book, the Sunna, the agreement of the prophets
and their legislation given by Allah.”
An Islamic court condemned Hussein to die. Professor Anh Nga Longva of the University
of Bergen, Norway visited Kuwait in 1997 and found passions running high over the case:
“I found a surprisingly strong consensus across the liberal/islamist divide. Practically
everyone agreed that Qambar’s conversion was a serious crime and as is the case with all
crimes, it had to be punished. They also agreed that depriving him of all his civil rights
was an adequate punishment. The only topic which gave rise to some disagreement and
a subdued sense of unease within some circles was the question of the death penalty.”
Intriguingly, Longva reports that those who were indignant over Hussein Qambar Ali’s
conversion invoked the same Qur’anic verse he would have used to argue that Hussein
was within his rights to become a Christian: “Those who opposed [the death penalty for
Hussein] based their position on the Qur’anic verse 2:257 [in most Qur’anic verse
numbering systems it is 2:256] that says ‘no compulsion is there in religion’. But more
often than not, the same verse was quoted in front of me to show that precisely because
Islam is such a tolerant religion, there are no possible excuses for apostasy.”[55]
Longva quotes the disquieting summation of a Kuwaiti jurist: “We always remind those
who want to convert to Islam that they enter through a door but that there is no way
out.”[56] Hussein was eventually convicted of apostasy, but increasing international
attention to this case enabled him to escape to the United States.
In August 2007, Mohammed Hegazy, an Egyptian convert from Islam to Christianity, was
forced to go into hiding after a death sentence was pronounced against him by Islamic
clerics. He refused to flee Egypt, however, and declared:
“I know there are fatwas to shed my blood, but I will not give up and I will not leave the
country.”[57] Early in 2008, his father told Egyptian newspapers: “I am going to try to
talk to my son and convince him to return to Islam. If he refuses, I am going to kill him
with my own hands.” As of this writing, Hegazy remains in hiding in Egypt.[58]
While doing nothing to help Hegazy, in February 2008, the Egyptian government made
what appeared to be a significant concession to that nation’s Christian minority when it
allowed converts from Islam to Christianity to note their new religion on their state-
issued identity cards.[59]
This seemed at first glance to be a major departure from the traditional death penalty for
apostates from Islam. But Egypt, although it is not a Sharia state, has never looked
kindly upon those who converted. While the new regulation seemed to be a step in a new
direction, it turned out that the concession applies only to Christians who converted to
Islam and then returned to Christianity. The converts’ identity cards will bear that
information. In light of the Islamic law making apostasy from Islam a capital offense, the
converts’ identity cards are the equivalent of a bulls-eye. Any Muslim who meets them
and takes the death penalty for apostasy seriously will consider himself justified to kill
them.
Qur’anic Justification for the persecution of Christians
“Like Christians, Muslims respect and revere Jesus. Islam teaches that Jesus is one of the
greatest of God’s prophets and messengers to humankind. Like Christians, every day, over
1.3 billion Muslims strive to live by his teachings of love, peace, and forgiveness. Those
teachings, which have become universal values, remind us that all of us, Christians,
Muslims, Jews, and all others have more in common than we think.”
So read an advertisement that the Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR) placed
in California newspapers in March 2004. The ad’s message about bridges between Islam
and Christians appeared to have a Qur’anic precedent. The Islamic holy book asserts that
Christians will be the closest friends to Muslims: “Strongest among men in enmity to the
believers wilt thou find the Jews and Pagans; and nearest among them in love to the
believers wilt thou find those who say, ‘We are Christians’: because amongst these are
men devoted to learning and men who have renounced the world, and they are not
arrogant” (5:82).
But in the Muslim world there is no reason to play act at ecumenism. On the other hand,
the Saudi Sheikh Marzouq Salem Al-Ghamdi recently preached in a mosque in Mecca that
“Christians are infidels, enemies of Allah, his Messenger, and the believers. They deny
and curse Allah and his Messenger . . . How can we draw near to these infidels?”[60]
The Sheikh was ignoring Qur’an 5:82 in favor of another verse: “O ye who believe! Take
not the Jews and the Christians for your friends and protectors: they are but friends and
protectors to each other. And he amongst you that turns to them (for friendship) is of
them. Verily Allah guideth not a people unjust” (5:51).
Besides these mixed messages, the Qur’an has a great deal more to say about
Christianity and Christ. It teaches Jesus’s Virgin Birth (Sura 19, which is entitled “Mary,”
contains a long description of this event) and calls him Allah’s “Word” and “a spirit
proceeding from Him,” but it also denies the Trinity and insists that Jesus is not the Son
of God (4:171). It places Jesus in a line of prophets including many Old Testament
figures: “Say ye: ‘We believe in Allah, and the revelation given to us, and to Ibrahim
(Abraham), Isma’il, Isaac, Jacob, and the Tribes, and that given to Moses and Jesus, and
that given to (all) prophets from their Lord. We make no difference between one and
another of them, and we bow to Allah (in Islam)’” (2:136).
In the Qur’anic view, this line culminates in Muhammad, the last and greatest prophet
whose revelation completes and corrects all previous revelations. Hence Muslims
traditionally believe that Islam is the final revelation from Allah, but that Jews and
Christians also received genuine revelations (hence their Qur’anic designation “People of
the Book”), which they have criminally altered to exalt Jesus as the Son of God and
remove references to the coming of Muhammad. Christians also added the false doctrines
of the Trinity and the Divinity of Christ: “So believe in Allah and His messengers, and say
not ‘Three.’ Cease! (it is) better for you! Allah is only One Allah. Far is it removed from
His Transcendent Majesty that He should have a son” (4:171).
Consequently, there is an evasiveness in some Muslims’ claim that Islam recognises
Christianity as a legitimate faith. For the Christianity that the Qur’an recognises is not
Christianity as millions practice it around the world today. The Qur’an says of Jesus: “We
sent him the Gospel. Therein was guidance and light, and confirmation of the Law that
had come before him, a guidance and an admonition to those who fear Allah. Let the
people of the Gospel judge by what
Allah hath revealed therein. If any do fail to judge by (the light of) what Allah hath
revealed, they are (no better than) those who rebel” (5:46-47).
When Muslims began to have contact with Christians on a large scale, this passage put
them in an uncomfortable position: they held that the Gospel bore witness to
Muhammad’s prophethood, and that accordingly if Christians judged by it rightly, they
would become Muslims. But instead Muslims found that the New Testament affirmed the
Christian understanding of Jesus that the Qur’an repudiated, and contained no trace of
an idea that a later prophet would come with a final revelation. Thus Muslims began to
teach that Christians had corrupted the pure Gospel that was given to Jesus by Allah.
This idea is still common in the Islamic world today. The Muslim scholar Abdullah Yusuf
Ali, translator of a popular English version of the Qur’an, includes an explanatory note in
his Qur’an about the Gospel: “The Injil [Gospel] mentioned in the Qur’an is certainly not
the New Testament, and it is not the four Gospels, as now received by the Christian
Church, but an original Gospel which was promulgated by Jesus as the Tawrah [Torah]
was promulgated by Moses and the Qur’an by Muhammad al Mustafa.”[61]
Thus while there are, of course, many Muslims willing to live in peace and harmony with
Christians, there are others who feel they are doctrinally justified by their faith to despise
Christians as corrupters of Allah’s word and bearers of his curse.
This is a key source of much of the enduring enmity between Muslims and Christians.
And that enmity is compounded by the Islamic doctrine of jihad: the idea that it is part of
the responsibility of the Muslim community to wage war against unbelievers until they
either convert to Islam, submit to Muslim rule (which involves accepting a number of
humiliating regulations), or are killed. This triple choice, announced by Muhammad
himself, is founded on the Qur’an, which states explicitly that it is to be extended to Jews
and Christians: “Fight those who believe not in Allah nor the Last Day, nor hold that
forbidden which hath been forbidden by Allah and His Messenger, nor acknowledge the
religion of Truth, (even if they are) of the People of the Book, until they pay the Jizya [a
special higher tax rate] with willing submission, and feel themselves subdued” (9:29).
Persecution of Christians: A living tradition
Muhammad’s last military expedition was against the Byzantine Christians in the northern
Arabian garrison of Tabuk, and shortly after their prophet’s death Islamic jihadists
conquered and Islamised what had up to then been the Christian lands of the Middle
East, North Africa and Spain. The jihad then pointed toward Christian Europe and
continued there for centuries, with a high water mark coming in 1453 with the conquest
of Constantinople. But in September 1683, the Ottoman siege of Vienna was broken, and
the Islamic tide in Europe began to recede. But the doctrines that fueled the jihad
against Christians were never reformed or rejected by any Islamic sect. Consequently,
with the renewal of jihadist sentiments among Muslims in the twentieth century came
renewed persecution of Christians. This chilling story told by a woman who lived during
the Ottoman Empire of the late nineteenth century captures the moment of that renewal
in one household:
Then one night, my husband came home and told me that the padisha had sent word that
we were to kill all the Christians in our village, and that we would have to kill our
neighbours. I was very angry, and told him that I did not care who gave such orders, they
were wrong. These neighbours had always been kind to us, and if he dared to kill them
Allah would pay us out. I tried all I could to stop him, but he killed them — killed them with
his own hand.[62]
The Christian population in Turkey has declined from 15% in 1920 to one percent today.
In Syria, it has declined from 33% to 10% in the same span. In Bethlehem, 85% of the
population was Christian in 1948; today, 12% hold to the faith of the town’s most
celebrated native son.[63]
The burden of the past lies heavy on the present for Christians in the Muslim world.
Sheikh Omar Bakri Muhammad, a controversial pro-Osama Muslim leader who lived for
years in Great Britain but is now barred from reentering that country, wrote in October
2002, “We cannot simply say that because we have no Khilafah [caliphate] we can just
go ahead and kill any non-Muslim, rather, we must still fulfill their Dhimmah.”[64] The
Dhimmah is the Islamic legal contract of protection for Jews, Christians, and some other
inferiors under Islamic rule; those who accept this protection and the concomitant
deprivation of various rights, are known as dhimmis. In 1999, Sheikh Yussef Salameh,
the Palestinian Authority’s undersecretary for religious endowment, according to
Jonathan Adelman and Agota Kuperman of the Foundation for the Defence of
Democracies, “praised the idea that Christians should become dhimmis under Muslim
rule, and such suggestions have become more common since the second intifada began
in October 2000.”[65]
In a recent Friday sermon at a mosque in Mecca, Sheikh Marzouq Salem Al-Ghamdi
spelled out the Sharia’s injunctions for dhimmis:
If the infidels live among the Muslims, in accordance with the conditions set out by the
Prophet — there is nothing wrong with it provided they pay Jizya to the Islamic treasury.
Other conditions are...that they do not renovate a church or a monastery, do not rebuild
ones that were destroyed, that they feed for three days any Muslim who passes by their
homes...that they rise when a Muslim wishes to sit, that they do not imitate Muslims in
dress and speech, nor ride horses, nor own swords, nor arm themselves with any kind of
weapon; that they do not sell wine, do not show the cross, do not ring church bells, do not
raise their voices during prayer, that they shave their hair in front so as to make them
easily identifiable, do not incite anyone against the Muslims, and do not strike a Muslim...If
they violate these conditions, they have no protection.[66]
These Sharia provisions have not been fully enforced since the mid-nineteenth century,
but today’s jihadists want to restore these laws along with the rest of the Sharia.
The idea that Christians must “feel themselves subdued” (Qur’an 9:29) in Islamic lands is
also very much alive. When the first Catholic Church in Qatar opened in March 2008, it
sported no cross, no bell, no steeple, and no sign. “The idea,” explained the church’s
pastor, Fr. Tom Veneracion, “is to be discreet because we don’t want to inflame any
sensitivities.”[67]
In the Philippines, the church in the nation’s one Islamic city, Marawi, has also done away
with the cross. Catholic priest, Fr. Teresito Soganub, explains: “To avoid arguments and
to avoid further misunderstandings we just plant the cross deep in our hearts.” Fr.
Soganub, according to Reuters, “doesn’t wear a crucifix or a clerical collar and sports a
beard out of respect for his Muslim neighbours.” He celebrates few weddings, since roast
pork is a staple of wedding receptions for Filipino Catholics.[68]
It is easy to see the need for such discretion. Preaching in a mosque in Al-Damam, Saudi
Arabia, the popular Saudi Sheikh Muhammad Saleh Al-Munajjid recommended hatred of
Christians and Jews as a proper course: “Muslims must,” he declared, “educate their
children to Jihad. This is the greatest benefit of the situation: educating the children to
Jihad and to hatred of the Jews, the Christians, and the infidels; educating the children to
Jihad and to revival of the embers of Jihad in their souls. This is what is needed
now...”[69]
The Crime of Silence of Human Rights Groups
What Justus Reid Weiner, an international human rights lawyer, stated in December 2007
about Christians in Palestinian areas applies to Christians in the Islamic world generally:
“The systematic persecution of Christian Arabs living in Palestinian areas is being met
with nearly total silence by the international community, human rights activists, the
media and NGOs.” He said that if nothing were done, no Christians would be left there in
fifteen years, for “Christian leaders are being forced to abandon their followers to the
forces of radical Islam.”[70]
The nearly total silence manifests itself in the curiously euphemistic manner in which
human rights groups report on the plight of Christians, when they notice that plight at
all. For example, Amnesty International’s 2007 report on the human rights situation in
Egypt dismisses the suffering of Coptic Christians in a single sentence so filled with
euphemism and moral equivalence and so lacking in context that it almost erases the
crime it describes: “There were sporadic outbreaks of sectarian violence between Muslims
and Christians. In April [2006], three days of religious violence in Alexandria resulted in
at least three deaths and dozens of injuries.”[71] In reality, the strife began when a
Muslim stabbed a Christian to death inside a church, and when armed jihadists attacked
three churches in Alexandria that same month.[72]
The passive voice seems to be the rule of the day where jihad violence against Christians
is concerned. The 2007 Amnesty International report on Indonesia includes this line:
“Minority religious groups and church buildings continued to be attacked.” By whom? AI is
silent. “In Sulawesi, sporadic religious violence occurred throughout the year.”[73] Who is
responsible for that violence? AI doesn’t say. Amnesty International seems more
concerned about protecting Islam and Islamic groups from being implicated in human
rights abuses than about protecting Christians from those abuses. It appears that
Christianity – even indigenous Egyptian Christianity, which of course predates the advent
of Islam in that country – is too closely identified with the United States and the West for
the multiculturalist tastes of the human rights elite.
The situation is dire. Melkite Greek Catholic Patriarch Gregory III, who lives in Damascus,
declared in April 2006 that “after 11 September, there is a plot to eliminate all the
Christian minorities from the Arabic world….Our simple existence ruins the equations
whereby Arabs can’t be other than Moslems, and Christians but be westerners…. If the
Chaldeans, the Assyrians, the Orthodox, the Latin
Catholics leave, if the Middle East is cleansed of all the Arabic Christians, the Moslem
Arab world and a so-called Christian Western world will be left face to face. It will be
easier to provoke a clash and justify it with religion. That is why I wrote a letter in July to
all the Arab rulers, to explain how important it is that this small presence, 15 million Arab
Christian scattered among 260 million Moslems, not be swept away.”[74]
Yet some American Christians and non-Christians are surprised just to discover that there
are ancient communities of Christians in Islamic lands at all, and have no idea that
Christians in the Islamic world are being persecuted. Others are indifferent because of
the growing movement of chic atheism which sees all religions as equally objectionable,
whatever their individual behaviour, and all victims of religious persecution as getting
what they deserve. And many Westerners, particularly those in the human rights elite,
are wedded to a moral paradigm in which only non-Western non-Christians can possibly
fit into the human rights groups’ victim paradigm – a sad situation when the position of
Christians all over the Third World is increasingly precarious.
And so Islamic jihadists and Sharia supremacists, with ever increasing confidence and
brutality and virtually no protest from the West, continue to prey on the Christians in
their midst. It’s a crime that is growing in consequence, and it has created a bloody
ground where Islam and Christianity meet in the Third World.
Robert Spencer is a scholar of Islamic History, theology, and law and the director of Jihad
Watch, a program of the David Horowitz Freedom Center. He is the author of The
Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam (and the Crusades) and The Truth About Muhammad.
His latest book is Religion of Peace?.
Sources:
http://www.aina.org/reports/mpoc.pdf
1. Bill Guerin, “Poisoning the Peace in the Spice Islands,” Asia Times Online, January 24, 2003, www.atimes.com
2. Amy Chew, “Militant Laskar Jihad group disbands,” www.cnn.com, October 16, 2002; Daniel Pipes, “What is Jihad,” New York
Post, December 31, 2002; Rod Dreher, “Do Christians Bleed?,” National Review, September 16, 2002.
3. Rod Dreher, “Do Christians Bleed?: Unreported persecution in the Muslim world,” National Review, September 16, 2002.
4. Sameer N. Yacoub, “Christian Priest Killed in Baghdad,” Associated Press, April 5, 2008.
5. Sameer N. Yacoub, “Archbishop kidnapped in Iraq dead,” Associated Press, March 12, 2008.
6. “Iraq: Kidnappers Behead Priest In Mosul,” Compass Direct News, October 12, 2006.
7. “Muslims Forcing Christian Assyrians in Baghdad Neighborhood to Pay ‘Protection Tax,’” Assyrian International News Agency,
March 18, 2007.
8. “Iraq: Militant Group Threatens Female Students in Kirkuk,” AKI, June 6, 2006; Nimrod Raphaeli, “The Plight of Iraqi
Christians,” Middle East Media Research Institute, Inquiry and Analysis Series No. 213, March 22, 2005.
9. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Iraq.”
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/iraq.htm
10. William Dalrymple, “The final place of refuge for Christians in the Middle East is under threat,” The Guardian, September 2,
2006.
11. “Love rumour sparks Muslim-Christian clash in Egypt,” Reuters, February 13, 2007.
12. “Egypt Christian activists held for ‘insulting Islam,’” Middle East Times, August 9, 2007.
13. “Egypt: Mobs Attack Churches Near Alexandria,” Compass Direct News, June 15, 2007.
14. Jubilee Campaign, “Muslim Extremists Pressure Egyptian Christians to Convert to Islam,” February 23, 1999.
http://sikhnet.com/sikhnet/
discussion.nsf/By+Topic/b2a356d25fe67fa887256aef0079616e?Open
http://59.346.18.048plusf36:PJwojkw568423541554СЧ
15. Jubilee Campaign, “Christian Girl Kidnappped and Forced to Marry Muslim,” March 19, 1999, op. cit.
16. Sara Pearsaul, “When Hell Broke Loose,” http://www.persecutedchurch.org/know/story/story.htm.
17. “Priest: Pakistan Short on Religious Freedom,” Zenit News Agency, August 21, 2007.
18. “Pakistan: Religious Minorities Told To Convert Or Die,” Compass Direct News, August 16, 2007.
19. “18 dead in Pakistan church shooting,” BBC, October 28, 2001.
20. “Pakistan: Christmas Season Tense for Christians,” Compass Direct News, December 14, 2001.
21. Brian Saint-Paul, “The Crescent and the Gun,” Crisis, January 2002, p. 15.
22. Khaled Abu Toameh, “Gaza’s Christians fear for their lives,” Jerusalem Post, June 18, 2007.
23. John Eibner and Charles Jacobs, “France and Germany Abet Genocide,” Boston Globe, March 18, 2003.
24. “Islamists burn to death Christian pastor, family,” WorldNetDaily.com, June 4, 2003.
25. “Religious rioters torch 10 buildings in Jigawa,” The Guardian (Nigeria), September 21, 2006; “Muslim Fundamentalists
Attack Xtian Female Students in FUT,” Daily Champion (Lagos), reprinted at AllAfrica.com, September 24, 2005.
26. “Nigeria: Death Toll Mounts in Religious Conflict,” Compass Direc News, December 14, 2001.
27. Yara Bayoumy, “Beirut car bomb kills anti-Syrian MP,” Reuters, September 19, 2007.
28. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Algeria,”
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/algeria.htm
29. “Malawi: Christian Teachers Threatened,” Compass Direct News, January 28, 2002.
30. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Bangladesh,”
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/bangladesh.htm
31. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Libya,”
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/libya.htm
32. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Cyprus,”
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/cyprus.htm
33. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Turkey,”
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/turkey.htm
34. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Indonesia,”
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/indonesia.htm
35. “Indonesia: 110 Churches Closed In Three Years,” Compass Direct News, April 2, 2008.
36. Tim Johnston, “Three Indonesian girls beheaded,” BBC News, October 29, 2005.
37. “Indonesian militants get jail terms for beheadings,” Reuters, March 21, 2007.
38. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Saudi Arabia,”
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/saudiarabia.htm
39. Quoted in Martin Edwin Andersen, “For One Diplomat, the High Road Is a Lonely One,” WorldNetDaily, February 11, 2002,
www.wnd.com.
40. “Saudi Arabia — Amnesty International Report 2001,”
http://www.web.amnesty.org/web/ar2001.nsf/webmepcountries/SAUDI+ARABIA?Open
41. “Saudi Firm on Church Ban,” Associated Press, March 15, 2003.
42. “Saudi Arabia: No churches unless prophet Mohammed recognised, says expert,” AKI, March 20, 2008.
43. Sahih Muslim, book 19, number 4366.
44. ‘Umdat al-Salik, o11.6.
45. Bukhari, vol. 9, book 84, number 57.
46. ‘Umdat al-Salik, o8.1, o8.4.
47. Robert Spencer, “Death to the Apostates,” FrontPageMagazine.com, October 24, 2006.
48. Sayed Salahuddin, “Man faces death over Christianity,” Reuters, March 19, 2006.
49. Afghanistan Constitution, Adopted by Grand Council on January 4, 2004. http://www.servat.unibe.ch/law/icl/af00000_.html
50. Tim Albone, “Anger over Christian convert in Kabul who faces death,” The Times, March 21, 2006.
51. “Sudanese Prisoner Released From Hospital,” Compass Direct News, June 1, 2001.
52. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Morocco,
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/morocco.htm
53. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Jordan,”
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/jordan.htm
54. Robert Hussein, Apostate Son, Najiba Publishing Company, 1998, p. 120.
55. Anh Nga Longva, “The apostasy law in the age of universal human rights and citizenship: Some legal and political
implications,” The fourth Nordic conference on Middle Eastern Studies: The Middle East in globalizing world, Oslo, 13-16 August
1998, http://www.hf.uib.no/smi/pao/longva.html.
56. Anh Nga Longva, “The apostasy law in the age of universal human rights and citizenship: Some legal and political
implications,” The fourth Nordic conference on Middle Eastern Studies: The Middle East in
globalizing world, Oslo, 13-16 August 1998, http://www.hf.uib.no/smi/pao/longva.html.
57. Maggie Michael, “Threats force Egyptian convert to hide,” Associated Press, August 12, 2007.
58. Abdallah Daher, Sarah Pollak & Dale Hurd, “Ex-Muslim on the Run for Conversion,” CBN News, March 27, 2008.
59. “Government paints bull’s-eye on Christians,” WorldNetDaily, February 15, 2008.
60. Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI), “Friday Sermons in Saudi Mosques: Review and Analysis,” MEMRI Special
Report No. 10, September 26, 2002. www.memri.org.
61. Abdullah Yusuf Ali, “On the Injil,” The Meaning of the Holy Qur’an, Amana Publications, 1999, p. 291.
62. Quoted in David Pryce-Jones, The Closed Circle: An Interpretation of the Arabs, Ivan R. Dee, Publisher, 2002, pp. 31-2.
63. Stephen Farrell and Rana Sabbagh Gargour, “‘All my staff at the church have been killed - they disappeared,’” The Times,
December 23, 2006.
64. Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI), “Islamist Leader in London: No Universal Jihad As Long As There is No
Caliphate,” MEMRI Special Dispatch No. 435, October 30, 2002.
65. Jonathan Adelman and Agota Kuperman, “Christian Exodus from the Middle East,” Foundation for the Defense of
Democracies, December 19, 2001. Reprinted at: http://www.defenddemocracy.org/publications/publications_show.htm?
doc_id=155713.
66. Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI), “Friday Sermons in Saudi Mosques: Review and Analysis,” MEMRI Special
Report No.
10, September 26, 2002. www.memri.org. This sermon is undated, but it recently appeared on the Saudi website
www.alminbar.net.
http://45.768.4.830plusf32:Qiokyis489273561938ЛУ
67. Sonia Verma, “First Catholic Church Opens in Qatar, Sparking Fear of Backlash Against Christians,” FoxNews, March 14,
2008.
68. Carmel Crimmins, “Philippines’ Islamic city proud to be different,” Reuters, March 17, 2008.
69. This sermon is undated. Like the others quoted here, it was posted at the Saudi website Al-Minbar (www.alminbar.net).
70. Etgar Lefkovits, “Expert: ‘Christian groups in PA to disappear,’” Jerusalem Post, December 4, 2007.
71. Amnesty International Report 2007: Egypt. http://thereport.amnesty.org/eng/Regions/Middle-East-and-North-Africa/Egypt
72. “Sectarian tensions flare in Egypt,” BBC News, April 16, 2006.
73. Amnesty International Report 2007: Indonesia. http://thereport.amnesty.org/eng/Regions/Asia-Pacific/Indonesia
74. “We are the Church of Islam,” Interview with the patriarch of Antioch Grégoire III Laham by Gianni Valente, 30 Days, April
2006.
2.32 Christians in the Middle East
What is the origin and history of Christians in the Middle East?
"...overwhelming majority of Middle East Christians came from nationalities which did not
convert to Islam after the Arab conquest of the seventh century. "
What is the situation of Christians in the Middle East today?
Types of Persecutions:
There are various types of persecutions of Christians in the Middle East. We can sort
them in two:
a) Religious persecution of individuals (human rights abuse): This persecution is
conducted against individuals because of their religious affiliation. In Saudi Arabia and
Iran, for examples, individuals are punished for displaying crosses or stars of David,
jailed for praying in public, and in some cases punished by death, for not complying with
the religious tenants. In these countries, as well as in Egypt and Sudan, converts to
Christianity are sentenced to death.
b) Political oppression of religious communities (ethno-religious cleansing): In this case,
ruling regimes are oppressing entire religious communities on political, security, and
economic levels. The objectives of such oppression is to reduce the influence of the
Christian communities, and in certain cases, to reduce it physically.
The ethno-religious cleansing of Christian peoples in the Middle East alternate between
military suppression and political oppression. In Egypt, the large Coptic nation is
systematically discriminated against on the constitutional, political, administrative, and
cultural levels. Moreover para-military fundamentalist groups are conducting pogroms
against the Christians, which includes burning Churches and assassinating civilians.
In Sudan, the stated objective of the ruling regime is to Arabise and Islamise the African
Christian and Animist population of the south. Particularly since 1992, the Sudanese
government has been waging a military campaign aimed at dispersing, enslaving, and
subduing the southern Blacks.
Last but not least, let us review the third largest Christian community of the region, the
Lebanese, who are under political and security oppression in their homeland.
Under occupation by a Moslem power, Syria, the Christian community is systematically
suppressed by the Syrian-controlled regime in Beirut.
The smaller Christian groups do no better. In Iraq, for example, the Assyrians are
another group targeted by the Saddam regime. Growing numbers of Assyrians have been
assassinated by radical fundamentalist groups.
Slavery:
Religious persecution of Christians in the Middle East has reached extreme forms of
human degradation: In Sudan, abundant reports by international human rights
organisations have documented the enslavement by the northern fundamentalist forces
of southern African Christians. According to the reports and experts, there are today
between 600,000 and one million Black slaves from Sudan, who have either been taken
to the north of that country to work as domestics or tending farms, or sold in other Arab
countries.
The authors of persecution:
a. The religious persecution and oppression is normally conducted by one religious group
against other religious group: for Christians, this case has been the case in Egypt, Sudan,
Iran, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Pakistan. Of course, persecution can also conducted by
members of one particular group against other members of the same religious group on
the basis of religious fundamentalism (Algeria, Afghanistan, Iran), or racism (Mauritania),
but this is not the topic of today's discussion.
b. Persecution of ethno-religious groups, the Mideast Christians in particular, is conducted
by legal governments (Egypt, Iran, Lebanon, Syria, Sudan) or by organisations (National
Islamic Front in Sudan, Front Islamique de Salut, the Hizbollah of Lebanon, etc.)
- Prof. Walid Phares, before the US Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, Nea East and
South Asia Subcommittee on "Religious Persecution in the Middle East." Washington DC,
April 29, 1997
Iran is now murdering Christian leaders.
The Reverend Mehdi Dibaj had converted from Islam to Christianity 45 years ago. On
21/12/93 he was sentenced to death on charges of apostasy. Released on appeal his
body was found on 5 July 1994. The Reverend Haik Mehr, Superintendent of the Church
of the Assemblies of God, who had campaigned against Dibaj's death sentence was found
dead on 20/1/94. On 2 July 1994 the body of the Reverend Tatavous Michaelian,
Chairman of the Council of Protestant Ministers in Iran was found with several gun shots
to the head.
19/7/98 The GIA has claimed responsibility for the death of Berber singer Lounes
Matoub. "It is common knowledge that the slain Lounes Matoub was among the most
stubborn enemies of religion and the Mujahideen (Holy warriors)", their statement read.
How many Christians remain in the Middle East?
a. The largest Christian community of the Middle East is found in Egypt, which has ten to
twelve million Copts. This Christian group comprises 1/5 to 1/6 of the country's
population. Egypt is also a major recipient of U.S. foreign aid, despite blatant violations
of religious freedom which occurs weekly in this country.
b. The Southern Sudanese are about six million. Christians are the largest monotheist
group.
c. The Christians of Lebanon: about 1.5 million still reside there and more than 6 million
live in the diaspora, including about a quarter of that number in the United States.
Among the Lebanese Christians, the largest group is the Maronites, which are Catholics
which follow Rome. Other smaller religious entities include the Melkites and Orthodox
Christians.
d. The Assyro-Chaldeans: Around one million in Iraq with large concentrations in the
Kurdish zone.
e. The Christians of Syria: About 1.2 million including Aramaics, Armenians, Melkites and
Orthodox.
f. There are small but significant Christian communities in other countries such as Iran,
Jordan, Israel, and less significant in Turkey, Algeria. By law there are no Christians in
Saudi Arabia.
What has been the situation for Christians in Israel/Palestine?
In the last census conducted by the British mandatory authorities in 1947, there were
28,000 Christians in Jerusalem. The census conducted by Israel in 1967 (after the Six
Day War) showed just 11,000 Christians remaining in the city. This means that some
17,000 Christians (or 61%) left during the days of King Hussein's rule over Jerusalem.
Their place was filled by Muslim Arabs from Hebron.
During the British mandate period, Bethlehem had a Christian majority of 80%. Today,
under Palestinian rule, it has a Muslim majority of 80%.
Few Christians remain in the Palestinian-controlled parts of the West Bank. Those who
can - emigrate, and there will soon be virtually no Christians in the Palestinian Authority
controlled areas. The Palestinian Authority is trying to conceal the fact of massive
Christian emigration from areas under its control.
from PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY PERSECUTION OF CHRISTIANS (Prime Minister's Office )
November, 1997
As a result of unceasing persecution, the Christians are forced to behave like any
oppressed minority which aims to survive. Christians in PA-controlled areas have taken to
praying in secret. The wisdom of survival compels them to assess the "balance of fear",
according to which they have nothing to fear from Israel but face an existential threat
from the Palestinian Authority and their Muslim neighbours.
They act accordingly: they seek to "find favour" through unending praise and adulation
for the Muslim ruler together with public denunciations of the "Zionist entity."
Middle East Digest - Nov/Dec 1997
Time magazine (April 23, 1990): "After years of relative harmony, friction between
Christians and their fellow-Arabs [in the disputed territories] has intensified sharply with
the rise of Muslim fundamentalism." (Time went on to cite various examples of Muslims
pressuring Christian Arabs).
The Jerusalem Post (May 2, 1991): "Muslim activists have been trying to convert
Bethlehem, home of some of Christianity's holiest sites and once predominantly
Christian, into a Muslim town. In contrast to the world-wide fuss over the purchase of a
hostel in Jerusalem's 'Christian Quarter' by Jews, this steady and often violent
encroachment has met with a thunderous silence in the Christian world. The pattern of
increased violence has been unmistakable. Last December 21, a school for nuns was
torched. During the first week in March, there was an attempt to break through the wall
of the Carmelite monastery, followed by a break-in at a Christian school. On March 3
vandals desecrated Bethlehem's Greek Orthodox cemetery, removing crosses and
disinterring and mutilating corpses ..."
La Terra Sancta (A Vatican publication, dated 1991): "The Christians are abandoning the
Middle East ... [although] the Jewish presence has alarmed the Arabs ... more than
anything else, the commercial, cultural and technological contacts of recent years have
caused a confrontation between Western civilisation and Middle Eastern culture, or, as is
commonly known, Islamic culture against Judeo-Christian."
The Jerusalem Post (May 6, 1994): In April 1994, Israel's Hebrew press reported that
Christian Arabs had accused activists of Arafat's Fatah faction of the PLO of harassing
Franciscan nuns in the Aida convent near Bethlehem. One nun described as a "reign of
terror" the behaviour of the activists, who allegedly regularly invaded the convent,
vandalised graves, destroyed equipment and painted graffiti.
CNN (December 20, 1995): "Today, Bethlehem is a predominantly Muslim town. At Friday
prayers, they spill into Manger Square [the traditional site of Jesus' birth], so crowded
are the mosques. Christians complain they're publicly harassed and harangued for their
faith. The Christian cemetery has been desecrated and vandalised ... this Christian boy
said the Muslims are fascists, bad people. Muslim families of 10 and 12 children leave
smaller Christian families awash in an Islamic sea, afraid they will be overwhelmed by the
refugee camps and Muslim villages around Bethlehem. Many of the town's Christians are
afraid to talk openly now."
The Times (London, December 22, 1997): "Life in [PA-ruled] Bethlehem has become
insufferable for many members of the dwindling Christian minority. Increasing Muslim-
Christian tensions have left some Christians reluctant to celebrate Christmas in the town
at the heart of the story of Christ's birth".
What can we do to help these Christians?
"only a Jewish-Christian alliance will be able to ensure the survival for both the Jews and
the Christians in the Middle East"
- Professor Walid Phares, president of the World Lebanese Organisation
2.33 Fighting for their survival - A Christian Exodus from the Arab World
By Amira El Ahl, Daniel Steinvorth, Volkhard Windfuhr and Bernhard Zand
Violence, terrorism and the Islamists' growing influence pose a threat to Christianity in
the Middle East. In some countries, members of an unpopular Christian minority are
already fighting for their survival -- or fleeing for their lives.
In New Baghdad, the driver of a minibus, a Shiite named Ali, set out at 7 a.m. on the last
Sunday before Christmas. A few hours earlier he had received a call on his mobile phone
with instructions to pick up five passengers for a long trip outside the city. His first
passenger, he had been told, would tell him who the other passengers were and what
their destination would be. He was also told not to mention a word to anyone.
The first passenger was a 24-year-old man named Raymon, who was sitting on his
suitcase a few blocks away. He directed Ali through the city's dreary east side, where
having a Shiite as a driver is a smart move -- first to the Karrada district, where Amir and
Fariz boarded the bus, and then to Selakh, where Wassim and Qarram were waiting. By 9
a.m., Ali had picked up all of his passengers and the bus left Baghdad and began
traveling to the northeast -- for the 350-kilometre (218-mile) journey to Kurdistan, the
only part of Iraq that is anything close to safe.
The five young men traveling in Ali's red Kia were the last seminary students at the
Chaldean Catholic Babel College to leave Baghdad. Four priests have been abducted since
mid-August, and two others were murdered. Father Sami, the director of the seminary,
was kidnapped in early December. The community managed to raise $75,000 to buy his
freedom, but after hesitating for weeks, Emmanuel III, the Chaldean patriarch, decided
to withdraw the teaching institutions of his community from Baghdad. He ordered the
evacuation of the city's four Catholic churches, the Hurmis monastery and the college in
the city's Dura neighbourhood, but chose to remain behind in the city as the lonely
shepherd of a rapidly shrinking congregation.
A history that traces back to the Ottoman Empire
Present-day Iraq was still part of the Ottoman Empire when Iraq's Catholics opened their
first priest seminary. They moved it from Mosul to Baghdad 45 years ago and, in 1991,
untouched by then dictator Saddam Hussein's regime, they founded the Babel College for
Philosophy and Theology in Dora. It would only exist there for 15 years, a flicker in the
history of the Chaldean people. "I don't know when or whether we will ever return," says
Bashar Varda, the man Father Sami has entrusted with running the seminary.
Christians have lived in the Arab world for the past 2,000 years. They were there before
the Muslims. Their current predicament is not the first crisis they have faced and,
compared to the massacres of the past, it is certainly not the most severe in Middle
Eastern Christianity. But in some countries, it could be the last one. Even the pope, in his
Christmas address, mentioned the "small flock" of the faithful in the Middle East, who he
said are forced to live with "little light and too much shadow," and demanded that they
be given more rights.
There are no reliable figures on the size of Christian minorities in the Middle East. This is
partly attributable to an absence of statistics, and partly to the politically charged nature
of producing such statistics in the first place. Lebanon's last census was taken 74 years
ago. Saddam Hussein, a Sunni who is himself part of a minority, was fundamentally
opposed to compiling denominational statistics. In Egypt the number of Christians
fluctuates between five and 12 million, depending on who is counting.
Given the lack of hard numbers, demographers must rely on estimates, whereby
Christians make up about 40 percent of the population in Lebanon, less than 10 percent
in Egypt and Syria, two to four percent in Jordan and Iraq and less than one percent in
North Africa. But the major political changes that are currently affecting the Middle East
have led to shrinking Christian minorities. In East Jerusalem, where half of the population
was Christian until 1948, the year of the first Arab-Israeli war, less than five percent of
residents are Christian today. In neighbouring Jordan, the number of Christians was
reduced by half between the 1967 Six Day War and the 1990s. There were only 500,000
Christians still living in Iraq until recently, compared to 750,000 after the 1991 Gulf War.
Wassim, one of the seminary students now fleeing to Kurdistan, estimates that half of
those remaining Christians have emigrated since the 2003 US invasion, most of them in
the last six months.
Greater affluence
Demographics have accelerated this development. Christians, often better educated and
more affluent than their Muslim neighbours, have fewer children. Because the wave of
emigration has been going on for decades, many Middle Eastern Christians now have
relatives in Europe, North America and Australia who help them emigrate. Their high
level of education increases their chances of obtaining visas. Those who leave are
primarily members of the elite: doctors, lawyers and engineers.
But there are deeper-seated reasons behind the most recent exodus: the demise of
secular movements and the growing influence of political Islam in the Middle East.
It was a Syrian Christian, Michel Aflaq, who founded the nationalist Baath movement in
1940, a career ladder for Iraqi Christians until 2003 and still a political safe haven for
many Syrian Christians today. Former Egyptian President Gamal Abd al-Nasser had no
qualms about paying homage to the Virgin Mary, who supposedly appeared on a church
roof in a Cairo suburb after Egypt's defeat in its 1967 war with Israel. And former
Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, who died in 2004, insisted on sitting in the first row
in Bethlehem's Church of the Nativity during the annual Christmas service.
But those days are gone. The last prominent Christians -- Chaldean Tariq Aziz, Saddam's
foreign minister for many years, and Hanan Ashrawi, Arafat's education minister -- have
vanished from the political stage in the Middle East. And since the election victories of the
Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and Hamas in the Palestinian Authority, the rise of
Hezbollah in Lebanon and the bloody power struggles between Sunni and Shiite militias
in Iraq, the illusion that Christian politicians could still play an important role in the Arab
world is gone once and for all.
Part 2: A history of discrimination
Egypt's Coptic Christians, numbering at least 5 million, are by far the Middle East's
largest Christian minority. The Coptic Christian Church, which dates back to St. Mark the
Evangelist, begins its calendar in 284 A.D., the high point of Roman persecution of
Christians. Its spiritual leader is the 83-year-old Pope Shenouda III.
Coptic activists have been complaining about discrimination at the hands of the Egyptian
state for years. Yussuf Sidham, editor-in-chief of Watani, a Coptic weekly newspaper,
says that unlike the 1970s, there is little open violence between Muslims and Christians
today. "Instead," he continues, "we are now struggling against the sick ideas of Islamic
fundamentalists. There is an ever-widening gap between liberal and fundamentalist
forces."
When Egyptians elected a new parliament in 2005, the ruling National Democratic Party
included only two Copts on its list of 444 candidates -- and today only one cabinet
member, the finance minister, is a Coptic Christian. Sidham faults the party for promoting
this way of thinking. "The party says that candidates were elected because of their
religious affiliation. Copts stand less of a chance. So why put forward Copts as candidates
in the first place?"
This sort of persecution is nothing new in Egypt. When Napoleon's troops advanced into
the Nile delta in 1798 and occupied Egypt, they noticed strange customs. Coptic women
were required to wear one blue and one red shoe. The men were permitted to ride on
horseback, but only facing backwards. The French quickly realised that the Copts were
subjects "de troisième classe" -- third-class citizens. Some continue to feel that way
today.
When Christians apply for an identification card in Egypt, they are occasionally registered
as Muslims -- without their knowledge. Once the record is official, it can take up to a
dozen visits to the relevant government agency to amend the entry.
For decades, obtaining a permit to build a new church in Egypt was a true test of
patience for Coptic Christians. Under an archaic Egyptian law from the Ottoman days, no
less than the president's approval was required for a project as insignificant as repairing
a church roof. Hosni Mubarak, the current president, only abolished the law last year.
Coptic women who work for the government and refuse to wear a headscarf are routinely
harassed, as are Coptic men who find themselves working for the wrong company. A 31-
year-old employee of a major American software company says that his boss faces daily
harassment. His problem, says the employee, is not that he is a poor supervisor, but
simply that he is a Copt.
Life is even more difficult for the estimated 100 Egyptian Muslims who convert to
Christianity each year. Violence erupted in Alexandria in October 2005 after a play was
performed about a Copt who regrets his conversion to Islam. A number of Muslim
demonstrators were killed and a church was damaged. Abandoning one's faith is a
serious crime in the eyes of most Muslims. But for Christians who want to convert to
Islam, the government has even introduced a streamlined procedure. About 1,000 Copts
convert to Islam each year.
Trouble for Lebanon's Maronites
When Christian missionaries were about to embark on a mission to convert the Saracens,
St. Francis of Assisi told them: "The Lord says: Behold I send you forth as sheep in the
midst of wolves. Begin neither quarrels nor disputes." Nothing could be further from the
thoughts of Nasrallah Sfeir, 86, than to preach about missionary work. Sfeir, the patriarch
of the Maronites, Lebanon's largest Christian community, faces an entirely different
problem: His flock is abandoning him.
Sfeir shuns the bustling streets of Beirut, choosing instead to reside in a magnificent
sandstone palace in the Cedar Mountains, where he lived in the summer during the war
with Israel. He is still wrestling with the consequences today. Sfeir is both a religious
leader and a politician. Black limousines are regularly parked in front of his estate, mainly
those of wealthy Christians seeking the patriarch's religious and political advice.
His visitors enter a long hall lined on both sides with ornamental wooden benches. The
Maronite patriarch sits beneath a portrait of Pope John Paul II. He looks tired, as an
advisor whispers into his ear. Then the old man speaks, quietly but clearly and with sharp
language. He criticises Iran and Syria for abusing Lebanon as a proxy battlefield, and
Hezbollah for having established, with Iran's help, a state within a state. These things are
unacceptable, says Sfeir. "We are the smallest and weakest state in the Arab world!"
The patriarch's voice is melancholy as he discusses the consequences of political
upheaval, especially the growing numbers of Christians now leaving Lebanon. According
to Maronite church leaders, more than 730,000 emigrated during the Lebanese civil war
from 1975 to 1990, with another 100,000 abandoning the country this past summer.
According to Sfeir, other Christian denominations, including the Greek Orthodox, Greek
Catholic and Armenian Christian communities are also dwindling, leading to a decline in
Christian political influence in Lebanon. "It is unlikely," says Sfeir, "but if Hezbollah were
to assume power one day, the Christians in this country would emigrate in even greater
numbers."
If that happened Lebanon, traditionally a safe haven for minorities, would lose one of it
oldest religious communities. In the ninth century the Maronites, whose name is derived
from St. Maron, a Syrian monk, fled into the mountains of Lebanon to escape Muslim
persecution, and in the 12th century they joined the Roman Catholic Church.
"We even survived the Crusades," says the patriarch. "Now the war is driving people
away. They are losing hope. But we have also seen the opposite taking place. We have
had Christian heads of state in Lebanon since the 1940s -- the first time this has
happened in four centuries -- and our Muslim fellow citizens have had no objections."
Sfeir is referring to Lebanon's fragile proportional system of government, under which the
president must be a Christian, the prime minister a Sunni and the speaker of parliament
a Shiite. But the system, put in place in 1943, has long since been rendered obsolete by
demographics. Sfeir senses that the political balance of power has also changed -- and
does not favor Christians.
Hope in Syria and Iraq's Turkish Autonomous Zone
Many Christians currently see a ray of hope in neighbouring Syria. Since the fall of
Baghdad, the regime in Damascus, isolated by the United States, has taken in many
thousands of Iraqi refugees. In doing so, it has demonstrated to the West the long-
forgotten merits of the Arab nationalist Baath Party's non-denominational doctrine.
"Nobody here cares whether we are Sunnis, Shiites or Christians," says Farid Awwad, a
souvenir vendor who fled Iraq.
Awwad's 12-year-old daughter was killed in an attack on a Chaldean church in Baghdad
two years ago. "No one can take away our pain," he says. "But at least we can live here,
where we are treated like brothers."
The number of Christians within the Syrian Baath Party organisation is disproportionately
high, although most are non-practicing. Their presence in government service, including
the military and intelligence agencies, is unprecedented in the Arab world. President
Bashar Assad recently opened a conference of Arab law associations under the motto:
"The fatherland is for everything, but religion is a matter for God" -- words that would be
alienating if not impossible in countries with a stronger Islamic influence. In Saudi Arabia,
for example, which has no Christian minority of its own but employs tens of thousands of
Christian guest workers from the Indian subcontinent and Africa, Christian church
services are banned and punishable with severe penalties. Bibles and crucifixes are
routinely confiscated. The Wahhabite religious police, the Muttawah, have even been
known to raid private religious services.
Other Gulf states are more liberal, although religious freedom in the Western sense is
virtually nonexistent in Qatar, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates. The Islamist
opposition in Damascus, especially the banned Muslim Brotherhood, disparages the
country's unpopular Christians as "worshippers of a godless regime."
There is only one other region of the Middle East where Christians enjoy freedoms
comparable to those in Syria: the Kurdish Autonomous Zone in northern Iraq.
Several Christian parties recently introduced an unusual bill in the regional parliament in
Arbil, the Kurdish capital. They proposed the establishment of a Christian autonomous
zone in the eastern portion of the Iraqi province of Nineveh, the traditional homeland of
Assyrian Christians and now partly controlled by Kurdish Peshmerga fighters. Under the
bill, the Chaldean, Syrian and Assyrian Christian minorities would be granted official
status under the constitution -- first by the Kurdish regional parliament and then by the
National Assembly in Baghdad.
The plan, which is everything but Christian folklore, has a good chance of succeeding.
Units of the 750-member Hamdaniyah Brigade -- a Christian militia that defends its
churches with the same tactics Sunni and Shiite militias use in central Iraq to defend
their mosques -- are already patrolling the streets of Bartalla, a fast-growing Christian
settlement 20 kilometres (12 miles) east of Mosul, the violence-ridden provincial capital.
Bearded men wielding Kalashnikovs stand guard at a barrier in front of the town's Syrian
Orthodox Church of the Virgin Mary. Photography is strictly forbidden.
"What else can we do?" asks Ghanem Gorges, the 43-year-old mayor of Karamlis, a
Chaldean village a few kilometres south of Bartalla. Armed men, presumably mujahedeen
from nearby Mosul, forced their way into the village four times this fall. Two weeks ago
they kidnapped and murdered Shakib Paulus, a 25-year-old crane operator, whose body
was found on the street in Arbil a few days later.
Anyone wishing to attend services at St. Peter's Cathedral in Arbil must first pass a guard
carrying an automatic pistol. A huge new building, to be used as a dormitory for the
Babel College students who fled Baghdad, was dedicated at Christmas on the cathedral
grounds, which are surrounded by a tall fence.
At this year's Christmas service, Pastor Sisar did not deliver his sermon in Aramaic, the
old church language of northern Iraq's Christians, as is customary in Arbil. This time the
mass was held in Arabic, because, like the pastor, the 400 men and women attending the
service are all from Baghdad.
Sisar ended his sermon with the words "Barakat Allah aleikum" -- "May the blessing of
the Lord be with you."
2.34 Converts in the Muslim world
Converts from Islam to Christianity are often hunted in the Muslim world, where virtually
all religious authorities agree that such individuals deserve death. Muhammad himself
commanded such a punishment: “Whoever changed his Islamic religion, then kill him.”
This is still the position of all the schools of Islamic jurisprudence, although there is some
disagreement over whether the law applies only to men, or to women also.
At Cairo’s Al-Azhar University, the most prestigious and influential institution in the
Islamic world, an Islamic manual certified as a reliable guide to Sunni Muslim orthodoxy
states: “When a person who has reached puberty and is sane voluntarily apostatises
from Islam, he deserves to be killed.” Although the right to kill an apostate is reserved in
Muslim law to the leader of the community and other Muslims can theoretically be
punished for taking this duty upon themselves, in practice a Muslim who kills an apostate
needs to pay no indemnity and perform no expiatory acts (as he must in other kinds of
murder cases under classic Islamic law). This accommodation is made because killing an
apostate “is killing someone who deserves to die.”
IslamOnline, a website manned by a team of Islam scholars headed by the internationally
influential Sheikh Yusuf al-Qaradawi, explains, “If a sane person who has reached
puberty voluntarily apostatises from Islam, he deserves to be punished. In such a case, it
is obligatory for the caliph (or his representative) to ask him to repent and return to
Islam. If he does, it is accepted from him, but if he refuses, he is immediately killed.”
And what if someone doesn’t wait for a caliph to appear and takes matters into his own
hands? Although the killer is to be “disciplined” for “arrogating the caliph’s prerogative
and encroaching upon his rights,” there is “no blood money for killing an apostate (or any
expiation)” – in other words, no significant punishment for the killer.
An Afghan named Abdul Rahman knows all this well. In February 2006, he was arrested
for the crime of leaving Islam for Christianity. The Afghan Constitution stipulates that “no
law can be contrary to the beliefs and provisions of the sacred religion of Islam.” Even
after his arrest, Western analysts seem to have had trouble grasping the import of this
provision. A “human rights expert” quoted by the Times of London summed up confusion
widespread in Western countries: “The constitution says Islam is the religion of
Afghanistan, yet it also mentions the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and Article
18 specifically forbids this kind of recourse. It really highlights the problem the judiciary
faces.”
But in fact there was contraction. The Constitution may declare its “respect” for the
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, but it also says that no law can contradict Islamic
law. The Constitution’s definition of religious freedom is explicit: “The religion of the state
of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan is the sacred religion of Islam. Followers of other
religions are free to exercise their faith and perform their religious rites within the
limits of the provisions of law” [My emphasis].
The Islamic death penalty for apostasy is deeply ingrained in Islamic culture -- which is
one reason why it was Abdul Rahman’s own family that went to police to file a complaint
about his conversion. Whatever triggered their action in 2006, they could be confident
that the police would receive such a complaint with the utmost seriousness.
After an international outcry, Abdul Rahman was eventually spirited out of Afghanistan to
relative safety in Italy. Despite the publicity, his case was hardly unique.
Source:
http://www.aina.org/reports/mpoc.pdf
2.35 Text book Jihad in Egypt
By Andrew G. Bostom
A "mock beheading" video located at radical Sheikh Abu Hamza's website
(www.shareeah.org ), which featured three young Muslim boys who pretended to behead
a fourth[1], has elicited the appropriate public revulsion. But little fanfare, let alone
outrage, has accompanied the release of a detailed study of Egyptian children's
textbooks, whose inculcation of anti-infidel hatred is potentially far more damaging[2].
For example, explicit sanctioning for jihad-related beheadings is provided in a seemingly
pedestrian manner:
"Studies in Theology: Tradition and Morals, Grade 11, (2001) pp. 291-92
...This noble [Qur'anic] Surah [Surat Muhammad]... deals with questions of which the most
important are as follows: 'Encouraging the faithful to perform jihad in God's cause, to
behead the infidels, take them prisoner, break their power, and make their souls humble -
all that in a style which contains the highest examples of urging to fight. You see that in His
words: "When you meet the unbelievers in the battlefield strike off their heads and, when
you have laid them low, bind your captives firmly. Then grant them their freedom or take a
ransom from them, until war shall lay down its burdens.'"
"Commentary on the Surahs of Muhammad, Al-Fath, Al-Hujurat and Qaf, Grade 11,
(2002) p. 9
When you meet them in order to fight [them], do not be seized by compassion [towards
them] but strike the[ir] necks powerfully.... Striking the neck means fighting, because
killing a person is often done by striking off his head. Thus, it has become an expression for
killing even if the fighter strikes him elsewhere. This expression contains a harshness and
emphasis that are not found in the word "kill", because it describes killing in the ugliest
manner, i.e., cutting the neck and making the organ - the head of the body - fly off [the
body].' "
Although chilling to our modern sensibilities, particularly when being taught to children,
these are merely classical interpretations of the rules for jihad war, based on over a
millennium of Muslim theology and jurisprudence[3]. And the context of these teachings
is unambiguous, as the translator makes clear:
"[the] concept of jihad is interpreted in the Egyptian school curriculum almost exclusively
as a military endeavor? it is war against God's enemies, i.e., the infidels? it is war against
the homeland's enemies and a means to strengthening the Muslim states in the world. In
both cases, jihad is encouraged, and those who refrain from participating in it are
denounced."
Teaching Egyptian school children anti-infidel jihad hatred is clearly a long, ongoing , and
ignoble tradition even within the modern era. As the scholar E. W. Lane reported after
several years of residence in both Cairo and Luxor (initially in 1825-1828, then in 1833-
1835):
"I am credibly informed that children in Egypt are often taught at school, a regular set of
curses to denounce upon the persons and property of Christians, Jews, and all other
unbelievers in the religion of Mohammad”[4].
Lane translated the prayer below from a contemporary 19th century text Arabic text,
containing a typical curse on non-Muslims, recited daily by Muslim schoolchildren:
"I seek refuge with God from Satan the accursed. In the name of God, the Compassionate,
the Merciful. O God, aid El-Islam, and exalt the word of truth, and the faith, by the
preservation of thy servant and the son of thy servant, the Sultan of the two continents
(Europe and Asia), and the Khakan (Emperor or monarch) of the two seas [the
Mediterranean and Black Seas], the Sultan, son of the Sultan (Mahmood) Khan (the
reigning Sultan when this prayer was composed). O God, assist him, and assist his armies,
and all the forces of the Muslims: O Lord of the beings of the whole world. O God, destroy
the infidels and polytheists, thine enemies, the enemies of the religion. O God, make their
children orphans, and defile their abodes, and cause their feet to slip, and give them and
their families, and their households and their women and their children and their relations
by marriage and their brothers and their friends and their possessions and their race and
their wealth and their lands as booty to the Muslims: O Lord of the beings of the whole
world." [5]
The seminal modern scholar of Islamic civilisation, S.D. Goitein, warned more than a
century later, in 1949, speaking of the Arab world generally, in particular Egypt:
"Islamic fanaticism” is now openly encouraged. Writers whose altogether Western style
(was mentioned earlier) have been vying with each other for some time in compiling books
on the heroes and virtues of Islam. What has now become possible in educated circles may
be gathered from the following quotation from an issue of the ”New East”, an Arab monthly
periodical describing itself as the organ of the academic youth of the East:
Let us fight fanatically for our religion; let us love a man-because he is a Muslim; let us
honour a man- because he is a Muslim; let us prefer him to anyone else-because he is a
Muslim; and never let us make friends with unbelievers, because they have nothing but evil
for us[6].
And a decade later, in 1958, Lebanese Law Professor Antoine Fattal, perhaps the greatest
scholar of the legal condition of non-Muslims living under the Shari'a, lamented:
"No social relationship, no fellowship is possible between Muslims and dhimmis... Even
today, the study of the jihad is part of the curriculum of all the Islamic institutes. In the
universities of Al-Azhar, Nagaf, and Zaitoune, students are still taught that the holy war is
a binding prescriptive decree, pronounced against the Infidels, which will only be revoked
with the end of the world..."
Sadly, almost fifty years after Fattal made his observations, the sacralised hatred of jihad
is still being inculcated as part of the formal education of Muslim youth in Egypt, the
most populous Arab country, and throughout the Arab Muslim, and larger non-Arab
Muslim world. We in the West must press our political and religious leaders to demand
that such bellicose, hate-mongering "educational" practices be abolished in Islamic
nations, under threat of severe, broad ranging economic sanctions.
Sources:
http://www.andrewbostom.org/loj//content/view/23/27/
1. Muslim kids stage mock beheading http://www.wnd.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=39145
2. Jews, Christians, War and Peace in Egyptian School Textbooks
http://www.edume.org/reports/13/toc.htm
3. Bostom, Andrew. Treatment of POWs. FrontPageMagazine.com, March 28, 2003.
http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=6929 Bostom, Andrew. The Sacred Muslim Practice of Beheading.
FrontPage Magazine.com, May 13, 2004.
http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=13371
4. Lane, E.W. An Account of the Manners and Customs of the Modern Egyptians, New York, 1973, p. 276.
5. Lane, E.W. Modern Egyptians, p. 575.
6. Goitein, S.D. Commentary, January 1949, "Cross-Currents in Arab National Feeling", p. 161.
7. Fattal, Antoine. Let Statut Legal de Musulmans en Pays' d'Islam, Beirut, 1958; pp. 369, 372
2.36 The Afghan-Bosnian Mujahideen Network in Europe
By Evan F. Kohlmann
Introduction
Over the last two years, as a result of major terrorist attacks in Madrid and
London, European leaders have finally become aware of a lurking extremist threat that
has been brewing in dark corners across the continent for almost two decades. Western
European democracies—many of whom thought that they were insulated from the threat
of organised international terrorism—are discovering growing numbers of disaffected
Muslim youth, hardened by scenes of televised bloodshed in the Middle East and the
unwelcoming demeanor of some “native” Europeans. Frustrated by a perceived lack of
social or political mobility, these men eventually become ideal recruits for the growing
network of “pan-European mujahideen.”
However, to fully understand the current mujahideen phenomenon in Europe, one must
first recognise its proper origins. Ironically, the flourishing of local Muslim extremist
movements during the 1990s came primarily not as a result of Usama Bin Laden’s
progress in Sudan and Afghanistan—but, arguably, rather due to a Muslim conflict much
closer to the heart of Europe. Indeed, some of the most important factors behind the
contemporary radicalisation of European Muslim youth can be found in Bosnia-
Herzegovina, where the cream of the Arab mujahideen from Afghanistan tested their
battle skills in the post-Soviet era and mobilised a new generation of pan-Islamic
revolutionaries. When I spoke to Al-Qaida recruiter Abu Hamza al-Masri in London in
2002, he tried to explain to me the mindset of the first volunteers who came to Bosnia at
the start of the war in 1992: “People are dedicated to the [religion]… They went to
Afghanistan to defend their brothers and sisters. So, they find Afghanistan now, the
destruction of war and Muslims fighting against each other.” As a result, in the aftermath
of the Afghan jihadi debacle, “they want to [struggle against] something that is
indisputable, which is non-Muslims raping, killing, and maiming Muslims.”[1]
The Bosnian conflict was cynically offered by jihad recruiters to desperate youths
in many European capitals as a chivalrous escape from the drudgery of their own boring
urban lives. Yet even some of the smartest and most promising members of the
European Muslim community were sucked into this bizarre netherworld. “Abu Ibrahim”, a
21-year old medical student from London at Birmingham University, took a break during
training in Bosnia to be interviewed for a jihad propaganda video. Brandishing an
automatic weapon, he scoffed:
“When you come here, people they think, ‘when you go into Bosnia you are sitting around
and there are shells coming down and they are firing everywhere around you.’ They don’t
know that we sit here and we have kebab. They don’t know that we have ice cream and we
have cake here. They don’t know that we can telephone or fax anywhere in the world. They
don’t know that this is a nice holiday for us where you meet some of the best people you
have ever met in your life. People from all over the world, people from Brazil, from Japan,
from China, from the Middle East, from America, North, South, Canada, Australia, all over
the world you meet people.”[2]
Beyond its propaganda value, Bosnia’s unique geographic position directly between
Western Europe and the Middle East was the ideal jumping-off point for
organisational expansion of various Muslim extremist movements into the United
Kingdom, Italy, France, and even Scandinavia. Bosnia provided an environment where
trained foreign Muslim fighters arriving from Afghanistan could mingle with
unsophisticated but eager terrorist recruits from Western Europe, and could form new
plans for the future of the jihad. No such contact had ever occurred before for groups like
Al-Gama’at al-Islamiyya and Al-Qaida, and it provided these organisations limitless
possibilities for development and growth. After fighting for six months during the opening
stages of the Bosnian war in 1992, Saudi Al-Qaida commander Abu Abdel Aziz “Barbaros”
told journalists during a fundraising trip to Kuwait, “I have come out of Bosnia only to tell
the Muslims that at this time this offers us a great opportunity… Allah has opened the
way of jihad, we should not waste it… This is a great opportunity now to make Islam
enter Europe via jihad. This can only be accomplished through jihad. If we stop the jihad
now we will have lost this opportunity.”[3]
For their part, the European radicals inducted into the ranks of the foreign mujahideen in
Bosnia were equally eager to make themselves useful. Babar Ahmad—a British Muslim
currently awaiting possible extradition to the United States to face charges of running an
Al-Qaida support cell in London—boasted in an early jihadi audiotape that the
contributions of the new European mujahideen were “instrumental”:
“[I]nstrumental… not just to the jihad in Bosnia, but the world-wide jihad, for what they
managed to achieve. And you think this is an exaggeration, but by the hands of the
brothers they did many things that you wouldn’t believe. Books were translated and
produced, in the front-lines, because you had the English brothers that could speak English
and the Arab brothers that could speak Arabic and a bit of English, and they go together
and translated books about Jihad. Now, these books are guiding other brothers back to the
Jihad again. They’ve computerised whole computer networks because of their computer
knowledge.”[4]
From the moment the war in Bosnia-Herzegovina began in 1992, the Bosnian
Muslim government secretly tracked the arrival of foreign volunteers from Europe
seeking to wage a jihad, or “holy struggle”, against the Christian Serbs and Croats.
According to ARBiH military intelligence documents, “the channels for their arrival in
[Bosnia] went through the Republic of Croatia, majority of them came from Western
Europe and Great Britain and they have the passports from these countries. According to
the operative information from the State security service, a large number of these people
were recruited and transported to the BiH area through… London and Milan, and there
are some indications that some individuals also came through Frankfurt and Munich.”[5]
A second document from Bosnian Muslim military intelligence detailing the infrastructure
of the foreign mujahideen brigade lists the names of prominent individual jihad financiers
and recruiters based in Zagreb, London, Vienna, Milan, and Torino.[6]
The Bosnians also noticed something else about their new would-be European
Muslim allies: while some genuinely sought to defend innocent Muslims, others were
fleeing to Bosnia after being “expelled from their [home] countries for various reasons
and they cannot return there.”[5] ARBiH memoranda suggest that the Bosnian Muslim
military regarded mujahideen arriving from Afghanistan and the Middle East as
potentially useful, but reserved a much more skeptical attitude towards some of their
idealistic and irreverent young comrades who hailed from various capitals of Western
Europe. In a report written in September 1994, sources within the ARBiH Security
Service Department warned that “their not providing their personal data is most probably
due to possible links with [intelligence services] or having committed criminal offenses in
their countries of origin, for in case their countries learnt about their stay here, they
would demand their extradition.”[8] A second analytical report from the ARBiH Military
Security Service issued in May 1995 further noted that, “a significant number of these
persons [who] entered in our country are from some West European countries and they
have the citizenships and passports from those countries… After the arrival in our
country, these persons are hiding their identity and as members of the unit ‘El
Mudzahedin’ they submit the requests to enter the BiH citizenship… because they are the
persons from the Interpol wanted circulars.”[5]
One of the European mujahideen cited in particular by the Bosnian Muslims for
his thuggish behaviour was “Abu Walid”, a medic “originally from France” who
reportedly seized control of a local hospital in Zenica in July 1994 with weapons drawn
and “harassed the medical staff there. Simultaneously, outside the… Center, there were
ten armed members of ‘El-Mujahidin’ Unit.”8 Within months of being discharged of his
duties with the foreign mujahideen in Bosnia-Herzegovina, Abu Walid—better known as
French Muslim convert Christophe Caze—went on to lead an infamous Algerian Armed
Islamic Group (GIA) terrorist network based in northern France known as the “Roubaix
Gang.”[11] Caze was eventually killed during a suicidal highway battle with local police
near the Belgian border as he fled French counter-terrorism investigators in mid-1996.
Even the mujahideen themselves were critical of some of the hotheaded European
volunteers recruited by Syrian Imad Eddin Barakat Yarkas (a.k.a. Abu Dahdah) in Madrid,
Spain for the purpose of waging jihad in Bosnia. When Barakaat telephoned a
mujahideen training camp in Zenica in November 1995 to check on his new crop of
students, the personnel director at the camp picked up the line and “complain[ed] about
the young men who had been sent by Barakat to the camp.”[12] Yarkas was finally
arrested by Spanish authorities in 2001 and sentenced to a 27-year jail term for
providing substantial logistical support to, among others, the 9/11 suicide hijackers
dispatched by Al-Qaida.[13]
However, while the new European faces among the mujahideen may have caused
consternation in some Bosnian government circles, generally speaking, the foreign
terrorist organisations active in the region (primarily Al-Qaida, Al-Gama’at al-Islamiyya,
and the GIA) were pleased to benefit from the situation and use the Bosnian war as a
massive engine for recruitment and financing. In December 1995, these terrorist
commanders further profited from NATO’s interest in expelling the foreign mujahideen
from Bosnia. Hundreds of veteran fighters, accused of brutal wartime atrocities and
expertly trained in urban warfare, were readily granted political asylum in a collection of
European countries, Australia, and Canada. It was a devious tactic that allowed nefarious
groups like the GIA to infiltrate several Western European nations with highly skilled and
motivated terrorist sleeper cells. A French report written by French counterterrorism
magistrate Jean-Louis Bruguière later concluded that the “exfiltration” of significant
numbers of veteran fighters from Bosnia was beneficial in the sense that it enabled the
mujahideen “to be useful again in spreading the Jihad across other lands.” In fact, as
Bruguière noted in his report, “among the veterans of the ‘Moudjahiddin Battalion’ of
Zenica, many would go on to carry out terrorist acts following the end of the Bosnian
conflict.”[14]
The United Kingdom
Despite its relatively high standard of living and social equality, the United
Kingdom has been and remains one of the most active bases of radical Islam across
Western Europe. Certainly, it can be said that the Iranian revolution and the war in
Afghanistan together started the ball rolling for the Sunni British fundamentalist
movement. However, their ideas did not begin to have a wide appeal among local Muslim
youths until the era of Bosnia-Herzegovina. When scenes of devastation and war crimes
began to air on BBC television broadcasts, many British Muslims were shocked that such
horrific events could take place in the context modern Europe without any Western
intervention. It gave sudden and unexpected credence to the calls of violent radicals who
suggested it was time for Muslims to start taking their personal security into their own
hands. Dr. Zaki Badawi, the principal (at that time) of the Muslim College in London,
acknowledged in early 1992, “Bosnia has shaken public opinion throughout the
Muslim world more deeply than anything since the creation of Israel in 1948.”[15]
The Bosnian war caused a particularly strong backlash in the outspoken circles of
indignant British Muslim college students. These educated and idealistic youths angrily
protested against the persecution of fellow Muslims in Bosnia. One student, a classmate
of several men who had left to seek training in Afghanistan and Bosnia, saw nothing
wrong with taking up arms against the “enemies of Islam”: “You cannot turn a blind eye
when Muslims are being massacred, because what will you do when it is happening on
your doorstep?”16 Inside Bosnia, the 21-year old Londoner “Abu Ibrahim” criticised the
“hypocrites” among his peers back in Britain who swore revenge on the Serbs and
Croats, yet were too afraid to join the jihad in Bosnia:
“…what we lack here is Muslims that are prepared to suffer and sacrifice. There in Britain, I
see Muslims, every medical student is saying that my third year is for Islam, my third year
is for the Muslims. They get their job, they get their surgery. 50, 60, £70,000 a year
they’re earning. And then, no struggle, no sacrifice.” Abu Ibrahim spoke of the intense
sense of satisfaction he felt fighting in the Bosnian war, as compared to the apathy of the
secular Muslims who remained in London. In Britain, “I watch the TV and tears roll down
my face when I see the Muslims in Bosnia, Muslims in Palestine, Muslims in Kashmir. And
then I come [to Bosnia] and you feel a sense of satisfaction. You feel that you are fulfilling
your duty. You feel that you are doing what the Prophet and his companions done[sic] 1400
years ago.” [17] Another British recruit from south London featured on the same Bosnia
jihad video sneered, “this is what they like to do in England, they like to talk, they like to
talk, they like to organise… big conferences… in the London Arena… and they make a nice
conference… Then, after the talk, they go back home and they sleep. They carry on
watching ‘Neighbours’… They carry on watching ‘Coronation Street’… What life is this? These
people talk too much… You want to see true Muslims, with unity, come to this place, and
then you’ll see.”[17]
Even those who remained behind in the United Kingdom did their part to help the
cause of the mujahideen. Young activists in the fundamentalist Muslim Parliament
established a charity to support jihad in Bosnia that later became known as the “Global
Jihad Fund” (GJF).[19] According to its later website, the GJF was established to aid “the
Growth of various Jihad Movements around the World by supplying them with sufficient
Funds to purchase Weapons and train their Individuals.”[20] Two months after the
signing of the Dayton Accords officially ending the Bosnian war, GJF administrators
announced the distribution of a new brochure entitled, “Islam—The New Target”:
“Contents include… a reprint of an acknowledgement certificate from the Commander of
the Bosnian 7th Corps to Muslim Parliament (on behalf of the fund). Why don’t you get a
copy or many copies of the brochure for local distribution or get a master to reprint. You
and your friends could use it to increase genocide awareness and Jihad awareness in
your locality.”[21] Two years later, following a twin Al-Qaida suicide bombing attack on
U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, the administrators of the GJF indicated that the
fund was being run by Saudi Al-Qaida spokesman Mohammed al-Massari and had found a
new cause célébre in “support[ing] Sheikh Mujahid Osama bin Laden.”[22] When
confronted by British investigative reporters, the GJF webmaster in London admitted, “I
work for two people, really… Mr. Massari and Osama Bin Laden.”[23]
On the battlefield in Bosnia, British-born mujahideen recruits had a noticeable
and significant impact. On June 13, 1993, a British patrol of four APC’s was stopped at a
roadblock near the central Bosnian town of Guca Gora.[24] A group of approximately 50
mujahideen fighters, who “looked north African or Middle Eastern,” had assembled there
to intercept mobile enemy troops. The frightened British soldiers told journalists later
that the foreigners had long, wispy beards, Afghan-style caps, and uniforms unlike
anything worn by local Bosnian guerillas.25 Though the jihadis instantly trained their
rocket propelled grenade launchers and rifles at the UN vehicles, the mujahideen
commander on scene—an unidentified British Muslim wearing an Afghan hat and a blue
scarf over his face—addressed the British officer in charge of the patrol, Major Vaughan
Kent-Payne, in perfect English and coldly reassured him, “be cool, these people won’t
fire until I give them the order.”[26]
In the summer of 1993, the British mujahideen began to suffer their first series of
combat casualties, including a Muslim convert named David Sinclair. Sinclair (a.k.a.
Dawood al-Brittani) was a 29-year old employee of a computer company in the UK. After
suddenly converting to Islam and adopting traditional Muslim dress, Sinclair ran into
problems with senior management at his company. Within a week of wearing his new
clothes to work, he was reportedly terminated. Mobilised into action, he thereupon
decided to travel to Bosnia-Herzegovina and to join the Islamic military organisation
based there. In the midst of his training, he generously gave away his two British
passports to Arab-Afghan “brothers in need.” Dawood refused to return to the UK
evidently out of a determination to avoid living the life of an infidel. During deadly
clashes with Croatian HVO forces, he was shot and killed near an enemy bunker.[27]
Indeed, British Muslims were present for some of the most important ARBiH
victories of the Bosnian war, including the conquest of the Vozuca region in late summer
1995. That battle, popularly known among the Arab-Afghans as “Operation BADR”, cost
the lives of dozens of foreign fighters—including “Abu Mujahid” from the United Kingdom,
killed on September 10, 1995. Abu Mujahid was a recent British university graduate who
had finished his studies in 1993, when the Islamic community in the UK was still in an
uproar over the war crimes being committed by the Serbs in Bosnia-Herzegovina. He first
came to the Balkans in 1993 as a humanitarian aid worker purportedly transporting food
and medicine to the embattled Muslims in central Bosnia. Abu Mujahid was using his
position as charity employee as a cover for other, more illicit activities: “Over the next
two years Abu Mujahid hurried back and forth between Bosnia and Britain carrying
valuable supplies to the brothers there. Between trips he travelled the
length of Britain reaching its smaller parts in his efforts to raise money for the cause and
increase the awareness among Muslims there.” Abu Mujahid returned to Bosnia-
Herzegovina in August 1995 and enlisted in a jihad training camp soon after his arrival,
receiving instruction from—among others—two elite Egyptian trainers imported to the
region directly from Al-Qaida-run camps along the Afghan-Pakistani border. For all his
anti-Western vigor, Abu Mujahid nonetheless proudly wore a G-Shock watch and U.S.
Army boots. According to his teachers, he “excelled” at shooting and throwing grenades
and he insisted that he would remain in Bosnia “‘until either we get victory or I am
martyred’… One thing which was strange about him was that he always used to say,
thinking back, I remember, maybe three, four, five times a day, he would say to me that
‘Inshallah [“God-willing”] I am going to be martyred. Inshallah, this time in Bosnia, I am
going to be martyred.’”[28]
Following the initial assault during Operation BADR, Abu Mujahid disappeared
in the fog of war. Over a week later, a mujahideen search party recovered his body from
the battlefield. One of the men who found Abu Mujahid later recalled, “At that point, the
thought that went through my mind was that the brother had been there, left behind
when I was there in Bosnia and he intended to stay there longer than me. But only Allah
knew what could he have done for him to die in such a beautiful way? And the thought
that’s still in our minds, Inshaallah, may Allah accept it from him, and may the people
who loved him in this life, Inshaallah join him in the next.” Abu Mujahid’s body was
brought back down from the mountain and then taken in a van to the frontline base
camp. The
lead commander present, Abu Hammam al-Najdi from Saudi Arabia, would only allow
fellow British mujahideen to go inside the van to see the remains of their departed
compatriot.[28]
The foreign mujahideen who survived the end of the war in 1995 grew apprehensive
when they discovered that the Bosnian Muslims were about to sign the Dayton Accords
—“the peace of the enemy”—with the United States and Europe. British jihadi recruits
were among the voices urging their commanders to wage an apocalyptic all-out terror
campaign in central Bosnia targeting Western peacekeepers, the Serbs and Croats, and
even other Muslims. In a direct English-language message aimed at fellow British
Muslims, one mujahid fighter appealed, “the amir [commander] of the jihad… is here.
And the amir of the mujahideen here says he needs more people, and more equipment,
and more everything. So for the people who are sitting at home and saying that, ‘well,
they don’t need people anymore’, it’s not true, it’s not true… we need as many people
and as much money and everything that people can send us to help us.”[17] One British
Muslim guerilla recounted the discussions taking place at the El-Mudzahedin Unit
headquarters in a propaganda audiotape:
“[W]hen the Americans came to Bosnia… the situation had developed in such a way that it
seemed as if we were going to have to fight the Americans. And [commander] Abul-Harith
[the Libyan], he turned to me and he said, ‘We will become an example for these Bosnians.
We will fight for our belief and the lost land. Please Allah, will give us victory and we will
defeat [the Americans] or they will kill us. But we will not flee, and we will be an example
for the Bosnians.’”[28]
According to various accounts, on the day of December 12, 1995, several fighters had
left a non-descript delivery van in the parking lot of the Zenica mujahideen base. A
Bosnian police investigation later concluded that these radicals were in the final stages of
“trying to rig a car bomb” when they ran into an unknown technical error, and it
prematurely exploded.[32] The massive and unexpected detonation killed as many as
four mujahideen bombmakers and injured several other foreigners in the area. One
wounded mujahid recounted, “You could feel the explosion… like a shining light… as I was
on the floor, I remember seeing the face of Abul-Harith [the Libyan] as he ran to me. And
he
took me and put me on the stretcher… And the building that he wanted to open, it was
locked. And Abul-Harith he didn’t look for the key, he just knocked the door down and
took me inside.”[28]
In this case, as reported by both Arab-Afghan and Bosnian authorities, the
deceased would-be bomber was an 18-year-old British honours student from southwest
London known as “Sayyad al-Falastini.” Sayyad was born in the United Kingdom but
spent most of his early youth in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. When he returned to
London at age 12, he soon became involved in the radical Islamic fundamentalist
movement there that was recruiting young volunteers for jihad in Bosnia. At age 16, he
first sought unsuccessfully to join the mujahideen battalion in the Balkans after hearing
an inspiring Friday khutba (religious sermon) from an Arab veteran of Bosnia.[28]
However, after being elected president of the Islamic society at his college,
Sayyad started to methodically plan and save his money in a fund that would finance his
dreamed jihad adventure. According to the mujahideen, Sayyad possessed this instinct
because he was of Palestinian descent, and therefore, there was “a background of
realising the importance of Jihad in his family.” During the summer of 1995, he left
London and travelled to a Bosnian mujahideen training camp, fighting alongside his fellow
comrades during Operation BADR. When combat hostilities gradually came to a halt after
“BADR,” many foreign volunteers began filtering out of Bosnia and returning home,
including a number of British recruits. But Sayyad was not ready to leave; his first taste
of battle had exhilarated him and changed his life. Among the mujahideen, despite his
young age, he was well liked and highly esteemed for his proficiency in English, Arabic,
and Bosnian. Sayyad did not want the war to end, grumbling (like many of the Arabs)
that the peace accords had been negotiated only “in order to halt the victories of the
Mujahideen in Bosnia… For three years the world had sat back and allowed the slaughter
of the Muslims to continue. But now as soon as the Muslims began to fight back and win,
they ended the war.” Even in light of the Dayton agreement, Sayyad stubbornly refused
to leave, and he recommitted himself to keeping the Islamic jihad alive in Bosnia. In the
first few days of December, as the terms of Dayton were about to become a reality,
Sayyad was torn by despair as he saw his beloved combat tour coming to an inexorable
end. He angrily demanded of his fellow mujahideen, “Why are we all lost? Look at the
[infidels]. Are they thinking of us and then they are laughing because they have their
own state. But look at us, the Muslims, we do not even have a state yet but we continue
to laugh!”[28]
At this point, Sayyad started to act peculiarly, as if he was readying himself for a
“martyrdom” operation. He would pray all night long and continuously recite verses from
the Qu’ran. Previously, he had telephoned his mother to ask her to send some money for
him to visit home. Suddenly, two days before the explosion in Zenica, he called her and
told her not to wire the cash as “he would not be needing it.” There is good reason to
believe that Sayyad may have been preparing for an imminent role as a suicide bomber.
Regardless of his intentions, on December 12, something in his plan went terribly wrong.
While Sayyad stood beside the van, it prematurely detonated, shaking the entire
neighbourhood and thoroughly frightening nearby Croatian civilians.[28] By the “official”
count of Al-Qaida, Sayyad became the sixth British Islamic volunteer soldier killed in
Bosnia only two days shy of his nineteenth birthday. He was buried in a ceremony
attended “by over three hundred of the cream of the foreign Mujahideen
fighters in Bosnia.”[28] The Arab battalion later eulogised him:
“Sayyad was a brother who made Jihad his wealth and his life giving every penny of his
wealth for the pleasure of Allah and eventually giving every drop of his blood for him. We
ask Allah (SWT) to accept Sayyad as a martyr, to make him an example for the millions of
youth in the West who have chosen this life in preference with the hereafter.”[38]
The shadow cast by British mujahideen volunteers in Bosnia-Herzegovina
continues to plague law enforcement and intelligence agencies even to this day. On
September 23, 2005, 34-year old British Muslim convert Andrew Rowe was convicted and
ordered jailed for 15 years by a court in the U.K. for possessing details on how to fire
mortar bombs and using secret codes to facilitate terror attacks. Back during the early
1990s, Rowe dramatically changed his loose lifestyle after converting at a mosque in
Regent’s Park, London—an event which Rowe said “put meaning into my life.”[39] Rowe
admits to traveling to Bosnia-Herzegovina in 1995 on a “humanitarian” mission—in
reality, acting as an envoy for the foreign mujahideen. When he returned to the U.K., he
even claimed government invalidity benefits for wounds suffered during an alleged
mortar attack in Bosnia-Herzegovina. In 2003, Rowe was arrested on the French side of
the Channel tunnel while carrying a bound pair of socks bearing traces of TNT, plastic
explosives, RDX, and nitroglycerine. According to Crown Prosecutors, the socks were
likely used “to clean the barrel of a mortar or as a muzzle protector.”[39] Raids on Rowe’s
various residences revealed coded documents with phrases such as “airline crew,”
“explosives,” and “army base.” Investigators also found video recordings of jihad in
Bosnia-Herzegovina, the September 11 terrorist attacks, and Al-Qaida leader Usama Bin
Laden.[39]
Italy
Perhaps more than any other nation in Europe, Italy played an overly dominant
role in hosting the transnational infrastructure of the Bosnian El-Mudzahedin Unit during
the mid-1990s. Italy was one of the very few Western European nations to provide a
direct land route through Croatia into Muslim Bosnia, and—even prior to the conflict in
the Balkans—was serving as an important hub for activity by various North African
Islamic extremist groups, including: the GIA, Al Gama’at al-Islamiyya, the Egyptian
Islamic Jihad, and the Tunisian An-Nahdah movement. By the time of the war in 1992-
1993, forces within the influential Al-Gama’at al-Islamiyya had already designated Italy
as one of three primary “support places” in Europe for its regional activities.[42]
No individual from Italy had a greater impact on the Bosnian mujahideen than
former top Al-Gama’at al-Islamiyya commander in southern Europe, Shaykh Anwar
Shaaban (a.k.a. Abu Abdelrahman al-Masri), the late Imam at Milan’s Islamic Cultural
Institute and the one-time overarching leader of Arab mujahideen forces fighting
alongside the ARBiH.43 Shaaban was a well-known veteran of the Afghan jihad who (like
many other Arab-Afghans) in 1991 decided he no longer felt safe in Afghanistan as it
collapsed into civil turmoil.[44] He sought and obtained political asylum in Italy, and was
disappointed by what he found: “the Muslim community in Italy was just the same as
elsewhere in Europe: asleep and busy in the worldly affairs.” Aided by a collection of
Afghan war veterans and Italian Islamists, Anwar Shaaban opened a major new
headquarters in a converted garage in Milan. Knowledgeable mujahideen sources have
praised Shaaban’s efforts in Milan, and noted that Islamic Cultural Institute was “the
center of much activity and it gained much popularity amongst the local Muslims.”[28]
Similarly, L’Houssaine Kherchtou, a former Moroccan member of the Al-Qaida
terrorist organisation, testified during the federal trial of four Al-Qaida operatives in the
U.S. that Shaaban used the Islamic Cultural Institute as a critical Arab-Afghan recruiting
center for young Muslim extremists living in Europe. According to Kherchtou, Shaaban
had personally helped arrange Pakistani visas for him and three other mujahideen
recruits who then went on to an Al-Qaida military training camp in eastern Afghanistan.
[46] French counterterrorism officials concluded that the ICI in Milan, under the lead of
Shaaban, served an “essential role” as a command center for a variety of North African
armed militant groups including Al-Gama’at Al-Islamiyya, the Tunisian An-Nahdah, and
the Algerian GIA.[47] After searching Anwar Shaaban’s office at the ICI, Italian
counterterrorism police concurred that the Institute was “characterised by… a constant
closeness to the activities of Egyptian terrorist organisations, especially those of [Al-
Gama’at al-Islamiyya], in the area of strategic and operational choices… the recruiting of
mujaheddin for the Yugoslavian territories…. the establishment of a European network for
the connection among fundamentalist cells… [and] logistic and operational support to the
armed cells active on Egyptian soil.”[42]
In the summer of 1992, Shaykh Anwar Shaaban helped lead the first quasi-official Arab-
Afghan delegation to arrive in Bosnia, accompanied by a number of his Italian colleagues.
As the fighters themselves have testified, “Sheik Anwar was not a textbook scholar: he
was a scholar who practiced what he preached and fought oppression at every level, just
like the companions and the early generations of Muslims… with books in his hands and
military uniform on his body. Not only did he teach but he fought as well.” In one
audiotape, mujahideen representatives attempt to unravel the mysterious life of Shaaban
and note that “in the footsteps of Sheik Abdullah Azzam, Sheik Anwar Shaaban carried
the responsibilities of the Mujahideen regiment in Bosnia… teaching, encouraging, and
inspiring the fighters, laying the same foundation in Bosnia that Shaykh
Abdullah Azzam laid in Afghanistan.”[28]
Shaaban shuttled back and forth to his headquarters in Milan, bringing with him
to Bosnia a host of veteran fighters and new recruits. In a September 1994 fax sent to a
wealthy jihad donor in Qatar, Shaaban explained that he required additional funds “to
finance the purchase of camp equipment for the Bosnian mujaheddin in view of another
winter spent in war in former Yugoslavia.” Shaaban continued in his letter, “I’m convinced
that based on today’s facts, the Islamic projects in the European countries are a priority
over all general Islamic projects, especially when based on what we have seen with
regard to the possibility of establishing bases in these places in order to aid Muslims all
over the world.”[42] Undoubtedly, Shaaban hoped to use the Bosnian war to as a means
to create an unassailable garrison for North African militants in Europe. One document
later confiscated in Italy seemed to endorse this strategy, explaining that “Hot Islamic
questions such as Bosnia… raise the ardor of young Muslims and their desire to face the
inevitable.”[51] Not surprisingly, many of those that Shaaban introduced to the war in
Bosnia-Herzegovina became “the commanders and trainers, the cream of the
Mujahideen.”[28]
During their subsequent investigation of Shaaban and the ICI, Italian counterterrorism
police turned up numerous pieces of evidence showing how involved Shaaban was in
supporting jihad activity in nearby Bosnia. This included documents indicating that
“paramilitary training activities” were “organised by the I.C.I. for those individuals who
would fight on the Yugoslav territory.”[42] A second undated letter from Anwar Shaaban
recovered by Italian investigators details a meeting the former had in Sarajevo “with an
unidentified Islamic individual who was willing to host trained Muslim guys capable of
training others to use Russian and eastern firearms in order to open the door of the Jihad
against Orthodox Serbs in Yugoslavia.”[42] The Italians also found another handwritten
sheet of paper in Arabic:
“I am sending you this film from the center of Bosnia-Herzegovina, from the land of war
and the Jihad. In it there is what I succeeded in sending you, and I am very happy… In the
little remembrance book there are a few pages glued together, which you must open
because there are inside sections of small films that you will develop and watch… I placed
the small films inside the remembrance book, between the pages, but only between some
pages, not all of them… so that the Croatians may not find them and cause problems for
us, because they can even decapitate; when the letter arrives, develop and number
them.”[42]
A subsequent fax received in April 1995 confirmed that the ICI in Milan had been
officially assigned the task of distributing news bulletins and conducting other
“propaganda activity” on behalf of the Bosnian El-Mudzahidin Unit.[42]
Yet, almost immediately, Shaaban’s mission in the Balkans strayed from its
purported goal of defending innocent Bosnian Muslims. In 1993, U.S. diplomats and
intelligence officials began to privately express concerns that Egyptian Islamic extremists
were targeting the U.S. embassy in Albania for a potential terrorist attack. According to
the CIA, “Al-Gama’at members, including… Anwar Shaban… were involved in the 1993
surveillance of the U.S. embassy in Tirana.”[73] The surveillance was confirmed when a
suspected militant was observed driving “repeatedly around the embassy.”[58]
Separately, the CIA gathered telephone intercepts that included an “apparent order from
overseas
instructing a Muslim-charity worker to case the embassy.”[59] No successful attack was
ever carried out, likely as a result of close cooperation between the CIA and Albanian
security officials.
Shaaban’s influence also extended to a number of other Italian fundamentalist
clerics, such as Mohamed Ben Brahim Saidani, a volunteer fighter in Bosnia and Imam of
a mosque on Massarenti Street in Bologna, Italy. Saidani had been one of a number of
participants in a guerilla training course held in Afghanistan in 1993. Upon his return to
Italy, he quickly convinced 30 of his local followers to enlist in the foreign mujahideen
brigade active in Bosnia. He founded a front company in Italy known as Piccola Societa’
Cooperativa Eurocoop that provided seemingly legitimate work authorisation permits to
jihadi volunteers and veterans, allowing them to travel without hindrance to different
parts of the world, including Bosnia.60 In witness testimony in the trial of conspirators
convicted of involvement in the 1998 East Africa embassy bombings, Al-Qaida
lieutenant Jamal al-Fadl discussed his trip to Zagreb in mid-1992, specifically how he had
been instructed to meet with Mohamed Saidani so he could get “information about what’s
going on in Bosnia” and bring this intelligence back directly to Usama Bin Laden.[61]
Italian law enforcement and intelligence officials grew concerned after
intercepting a letter from a fundamentalist militant imprisoned in southern Italy in July
1993 discussing potential terror attacks on U.S. and French targets in the region. The
seized letter appears to be one penned by Mondher Ben Mohsen Baazaoui (a.k.a. “Hamza
the Tunisian”), an activist in the An-Nahdah movement and, according to an Italian police
statement, “a fighter for a mujahideen unit during the ethnic conflict in Bosnia… believed
to be in the front row of fundamentalist, Islamic terrorist networks.”[62] Baazaoui wrote
to Mohamed Saidani (the Imam in Bologna who was on close terms with both Anwar
Shaaban and Usama Bin Laden) to tell him that if his prison hunger strike did not
secure his immediate release, Baazaoui would commit a “homicide operation… [to] die
gloriously.”[63] He then pleaded with Saidani to avenge his death with a spectacular
eulogy of terror: “All I can suggest to you is the French: leave not a child nor an adult
[alive]. Work for them, they are very numerous in Italy, especially in the Tourist areas.
Do what you will to them using armed robbery and murder. The important thing is that
you succeed at sparking the flames that burn inside me against them, and this is to be a
promise between you and me.”[64]
In November 1994, Italian authorities were even more alarmed when they learned of a
new assassination plot organised by elements of the Egyptian terrorist groups Al-Jihad
and Al-Gama’at Al-Islamiyya targeting Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak during a three-
day diplomatic trip to Rome.[65] As a result, the Italian police stepped up their efforts—
particularly, their focus on Shaaban’s Islamic Cultural Institute. On June 26, 1995, in a
mission codenamed “Operation Sphinx,” Italian police arrested 11 suspected members of
Al-Gama’at Al-Islamiyya (including 10 Egyptians and 1 Palestinian) and carried out formal
searches of 72 addresses across northern Italy, including Milan. The detained terrorists
were charged with criminal conspiracy, robbery, extortion, falsifying documents, and
illegal possession of firearms.[66]
One of those that Italian counterterrorism authorities were particularly seeking to
arrest, Shaykh Anwar Shaaban himself, was nowhere to be found. Evidently, having been
tipped off to the intentions of the Italian government, Shaaban had escaped and found
asylum at his mujahideen military stronghold in central Bosnia-Herzegovina.[66]
Shaaban’s Bosnian exodus marked a critical period of development for the Arab-Afghan
mujahideen in southern Europe. Despite all the Arab-Afghan propaganda decrying the
suffering of the Bosnian Muslims—just as in Afghanistan—their participation in the war
was ultimately being channeled toward an alternate purpose. By 1995, central Bosnia
was more than a mere mujahideen frontline. Instead, thanks to the work of Shaaban and
others, it had become a strategic foothold for Usama Bin Laden and his fanatical North
African allies to help infiltrate Western Europe.
With Bosnian war hostilities drawing to a close in September 1995, Anwar
Shaaban and his Italian-based Al-Gama’at al-Islamiyya cohorts were free to turn their
attention and resources to issues of “more critical” importance. In late September, one of
the most important Al-Gama’at al-Islamiyya leaders hiding in Europe—Abu Talal al-
Qasimy (a.k.a. Talaat Fouad Qassem)—was captured by Croat HVO forces as he
attempted to cross through Croatian territory into Bosnia-Herzegovina. Within days, the
Croats quietly rendered al-Qasimy through U.S. custody into the hands of Egyptian
authorities. At the time, a government official in Cairo noted, “[Al-Qasimy’s] arrest
proves what we have always said, which is that these terror groups are operating on a
worldwide scale, using places like Afghanistan and Bosnia to form their fighters who
come back to the Middle East… European countries like Denmark, Sweden, Switzerland,
England and others, which give sanctuary to these terrorists, should now understand it
will come back to haunt them where they live.”[68]
The first real Arab-Afghan response to Abu Talal al-Qasimy’s arrest came on
October 20, 1995, when a massive explosion shook the quiet Croatian port town of
Rijeka.[69] At 11:22am, a suicide bomber detonated 70 kilograms of TNT hidden in a
FIAT Mirafiori parked outside the Primorje-Gorani county police headquarters.[70] The
mysterious suicide-bomber was killed, two bystanders were seriously wounded, and 27
other people received lighter injuries. The bomb was powerful enough to destroy the
police headquarters and damage several nearby buildings, including a Zagreb Bank
branch and a primary school.69 In the blast debris, Croatian police found fragments a
Canadian passport belonging to the suicide bomber—who had previously been
investigated by Italian counterterrorism officials for his connections to the Islamic
Cultural Institute in Milan controlled by Anwar Shaaban.[70] The CIA later confirmed that
the bomber was “a member of Al-Gama’at [al-Islamiyya].”[73]
A day later, Western news agencies in Cairo received an anonymous faxed
communiqué allegedly from Al-Gama’at representatives, claiming responsibility for the
Rijeka bombing in order “to prove that the case of Sheik Talaat Fouad Qassem… will not
pass but will bring cascades of blood bleeding from Croatian interests inside and outside…
You Croats will be mistaken if you think that this matter will go peacefully.”[74] In their
statement, Al-Gama’at representatives firmly demanded that the Croatian government
“release Sheikh Qassimi and apologise formally through the media… Close the gates of
hell which you have opened upon yourselves ... otherwise you will be starting a war the
end of which only Allah (God) knows.”[75] U.S. intelligence indicated that Anwaar
Shaaban was personally responsible for overseeing the suicide bombing operation in
Rijeka. The terror attack was meant to be a mere prelude to a new strategy employed by
the mujahideen. As the long Balkan war began winding down, Shaaban
“and other mujahedin leaders had begun planning to attack NATO forces which would be
sent to Bosnia.”[73] French investigators believed that the October terror attack
confirmed that the military leadership of the El-Mudzahedin Unit in Bosnia-Herzegovina
“was closely related to [Al-Gama’at al-Islamiyya], both ideologically and in practice.”[77]
For several years afterwards, Croatian authorities sought other suspects believed
responsible for arranging the Rijeka bombing. Witnesses, including a police guard in the
headquarters parking lot, described a suspicious Mercedes driven by an Arab man that
sped away from the scene just before the blast. After looking at mugshots, those
witnesses were able to positively identify a wanted 36-year old Egyptian militant loyal to
Al-Gama’at Al-Islamiyya named Hassan al-Sharif Mahmud Saad. Saad, who had lived in
Cologno Monzese (a surburb of Milan), was a prominent figure at the Islamic Cultural
Institute. He even sat on the board of trustees of Anwar Shaaban’s own Italian charitable
organisation “Il Paradiso.” In Italy, Saad was known to own a FIAT 131 Mirafiori with
Bergamo plates, the very same vehicle later used in the Rijeka attack. As early as 1993,
he was traveling back and forth between Bosnia and Italy. But everyone at the ICI
mosque was aware that something was different in June 1995, when Hassan Saad
packed his family and belongings in the FIAT and left permanently for Bosnia-
Herzegovina. His friends at the ICI said he had gone away to join the El-Mudzahedin Unit
in Zenica led by Anwar Shaaban.[78]
Immediately following the premature truck bomb explosion outside foreign
mujahideen headquarters in Zenica in December 1995, Shaaban finally met his own
violent end in Bosnia-Herzegovina. During a suspicious clash with Croat HVO forces,
Shaaban and four of his closest mujahideen advisors were ritually gunned down,
seemingly harkening the end of a major era in for the Arab-Afghans in Europe. But the
influential network Shaaban was responsible for establishing in Italy and Bosnia-
Herzegovina continued to survive and prosper long after his death. The credit for this
unexpected resurgence largely goes to top Algerian mujahideen commander Abu el-Ma’ali
(a.k.a. Abdelkader Mokhtari) and his reputed lieutenant Fateh Kamel (a.k.a. “Mustapha
the Terrorist”). Kamel, who had lived in Canada since 1988, was originally from Algeria
and spent a good part of his life in a quarter of the capital Algiers.[79] His slick, polished
exterior boasted a professionalism that was matched only by his pure ruthlessness. First
trained in Afghanistan in 1991, Kamel came to the attention of Italian authorities while
encouraging attendees at Anwar Shaaban’s Islamic Cultural Institute in
Milan to join the mujahideen in Bosnia. By 1995, according to French intelligence, the El-
Mudzahedin Unit in Bosnia was headed politically by Anwar Shaaban, seconded militarily
by Abu el-Ma’ali, and in the third position was Fateh Kamel, in charge of the brigade’s
“logistical matters” (a role that consisted mostly of coordinating the transfer of weapons,
new recruits, and false documents to and from the Arab headquarters in Zenica).[80]
Investigators reviewing the phone records of lines serving the ICI between 1994 and
1995 found evidence of regular contacts between the triumvirate of Abu el-Ma’ali, Anwar
Shaaban, and Fateh Kamel.[81]
French intelligence determined that Kamel and his associates had “multiple links”
with “diverse Islamic terrorist organisations around the world, and particularly in Bosnia,
in Pakistan, in Germany, and in London.”[82] Between 1994 and 1997, Fateh Kamel
moved constantly between (at least) Milan, Montreal, Paris, Hamburg, Frankfurt, Zagreb,
Bosnia, Copenhagen, Austria, Slovenia, Freibourg (Germany), Morocco, Ancone (Italy),
Istanbul, Belgium, and Amsterdam.[83] Kamel was recorded on one occasion by Italian
intelligence, discussing potential terror attacks and bragging to his henchmen, “I do not
fear death… because the jihad is the jihad, and to kill is easy for me.”[84] He hated the
very society he lived in and cynically mocked Western attitudes towards Muslims: “And
you know, the people [here] imagine a Muslim on the back of a camel, four wives behind
him and the bombs that explode… terrorists, terrorists, terrorists.”[85] In another
communications intercept in 1996, just after the end of the Bosnian war, Kamel confided
in his terrorist partners, “I prefer to die than go to jail. I almost lost my wife. I am 36
years old with a son four and a half months old. My wife is playing with him and me, I
am here. I am almost a soldier.”[86]
The evidence in Kamel’s addressbook alone seems to confirm his role as a key
liaison and coordinator between assorted European sleeper cell terrorist networks and
senior Al-Qaida commanders based in Bosnia and Afghanistan. Among other numbers,
Fateh Kamel had several contacts for Akacha Laidi (a.k.a. Abderrahmane Laidi, Abou
Amina), a senior GIA member in the UK. One of the numbers with Akacha’s name
actually reached Djamal Guesmia, a terrorist widely known to be working with both the
GIA and its successor group, the Algerian Salafist Group for Prayer and Combat (GSPC).
[87] Fateh Kamel drew particularly close to loose network of units of North African
immigrants and European converts to Islam who had come to aid the mujahideen during
the early stages of the Bosnian war. For all intensive purposes, he became their
handler, giving assistance and issuing orders on behalf of Anwar Shaaban and Abu el-
Ma’ali.
In 1996, following the sudden death of Shaaban in central Bosnia, Kamel
suddenly began activating “Bosniak” terror units implanted in Europe, instructing them to
prepare for new jihad operations to take place inside France and Italy. Between August 6-
10, 1996, Kamel stayed at the Milan apartment of two GIA supporters, including Rachid
Fettar, who had close ties to the masterminds of the 1995 Paris metro bombing spree.
Fettar was well-placed in the GIA leadership hierarchy, considered the “heir” to the
European extremist network established by Safé Bourada, the deputy-in-command of the
Algerian terror cell deemed responsible for the metro bombings.[88] Thus, Kamel’s visit
to Fettar and his companion Youcef Tanout came with a definite purpose: to direct a
terror cell in the construction and deployment of more crude gas-canister bombs like
those used during the Paris metro campaign.
Kamel respected Rachid Fettar as an equal and complained to him that Tanout
and the others were too reluctant to produce the explosives without elaborate and
timeconsuming covert procedures. “I insisted as much as I could, but there was nothing I
could do. In France, we can make [the bombs], even if their destination is France. You
know very well that in France, I have no problems; I return and I leave when I want,
clandestinely.”[89] In a discussion with the more amateurish Youcef Tanout, Kamel coldly
asked, “What are you afraid of? That everything will explode in your house? Tell me at
least if Mahmoud has gotten the gas canister.” Tanout meekly related to Kamel how one
of his fellow cell members had sought the shelter and anonymity of a nearby deep forest
in order to fabricate the required bombs. He admitted to Kamel, “I feel no shame in
telling you that I am extremely afraid.”[90] Evidently, Tanout’s hesitant concerns were
well founded; on November 7, 1996, both himself and Fettar were arrested and their
Milan apartment was searched by experienced Italian counterterrorism investigators.
They discovered two 400-gram gas canisters, five remote-control transmitters, 38
metallic cylinders, and other bomb-making materials.[91]
Though Fateh Kamel’s gas canister terror plot in Milan never reached fruition, it
provided ominous clues as to what was to develop across Western Europe in the
following decade. In many ways, the early Italian-based mujahideen sleeper cells under
the lead of Kamel, Anwar Shaaban, and Abu el-Ma’ali were the direct prototype for
contemporary European-based North African militant networks responsible for carrying
out such operations as the March 2004 commuter train bombings in Madrid, Spain.
Members of Fateh Kamel’s brotherhood of fighters continue to enter and leave the
Balkans even today. When Kamel’s “right-hand-man” in Bosnia—Moroccan Karim Said
Atmani—was released from a French prison cell in the spring of 2005, he immediately left
on a flight to Sarajevo where he was greeted at the airport by a “known commander of
the Bosnian mujahideen… tied to the international Islamic terrorist movement.”[92] After
substantial pressure was brought to bear on local law enforcement authorities in BiH,
Atmani was finally deported from the region in early 2006 and sent back home to North
Africa.
Scandinavia and Northern Europe
Even as early as the Bosnian war, the unlikely region of Scandinavia had become
an important tactical base for Islamic militant groups from the Middle East. Countries like
Norway, Sweden, and Denmark were perceived as tolerant and willing to grant political
asylum even to militant leaders on the run from law enforcement and intelligence
agencies. In Scandinavia, these wanted men knew they could expect “the same freedom
as [in] the US.”[93] A March 1995 magazine printed by supporters of Al-Gama’at al-
Islamiyya noted that “influential guides” within the Egyptian jihadi movement had
nonetheless been able to secure “political asylum in Norway” despite the reluctance of
the Norwegian Embassy in Cairo to become involved in such proceedings.[42] Even the
undisputed top leader of Al-Gama’at al-Islamiyya—Shaykh Omar Abdel Rahman
(currently serving a life sentence in a maximum security U.S. prison)—boasted in
interviews with mujahideen newsletters of his numerous trips to Europe, “passing
through Britain, Denmark, Sweden, and many other countries.”[95]
Unbeknownst to most Danes, by 1993, the city of Copenhagen was perhaps the
most important safe haven for Al-Gama’at al-Islamiyya in all of Europe. At the head of
Al-Gama’at’s weighty delegation in Copenhagen was the legendary Shaykh Abu Talal al-
Qasimy, among the first Muslim clerics involved in supporting the Bosnian jihad. Al-
Qasimy was imprisoned several times by the Egyptian government both previous to and
following the assassination of the late President Anwar Sadat. Shortly thereafter, he was
able to use fake travel documents to escape Egypt and join the growing number of
militant Muslim exiles fighting Soviet forces in Afghanistan. While there, al-Qasimy “made
an appointment with Jihad in the path of Allah, and… embraced the rifle.”[96]
During time spent in nearby Pakistan, Abu Talal al-Qasimy established Al-Gama’at’s
official magazine, Al-Murabeton, and wrote most of the early issues.
In January 1993, under pressure from the U.S., the Pakistani government
suddenly reversed its position on supporting the jihad in Afghanistan and ordered the
closure of remaining Arab mujahideen offices in Pakistan—threatening official
deportation to any illegal foreign fighters who attempted to remain in Pakistan. These
displaced men faced a serious problem, because return to their countries of origin meant
certain arrest, torture, and likely death. At the time, a Saudi spokesman for the Arab-
Afghans in Jeddah explained in the media, “the Algerians cannot go to Algeria, the
Syrians cannot go to Syria or the Iraqis to Iraq. Some will opt to go to Bosnia, the others
will have to go into Afghanistan permanently.”[97]
According to Dr. Abdullah Azzam’s son Hudhaifa, Abu Talal al-Qasimy was
forced to flee across the border into Afghanistan because he was “ordered by name to be
captured and sent to Egypt by the Pakistani government.” But, “before they caught
[him], [he]… got a visa to foreign countries.”[98] In fact, Al-Qasimy had found political
asylum in Denmark, where he continued to spread his radical message at the foreign
office of Al-Murabeton in Copenhagen.[99] One of the other four editors working in
Copenhagen was reportedly Dr. Ayman al-Zawahiri, the leader of the Egyptian Islamic
Jihad movement and second-in-command of Usama Bin Laden’s Al-Qaida.[100] Al-
Qasimy was also a close friend of the Amir of the Bosnian mujahideen, Anwar Shaaban,
and took an aggressive, committed, and hands-on role in the Bosnian jihad.
On April 24, 1993, Abu Talal al-Qasimy convened in Copenhagen arguably one
of the most important meetings of pan-Islamic militant leaders ever to take place inside
of Europe. The other participants included Shaykh Anwar Shaaban from Milan and Imam
Shawki Mohammed (a.k.a. Mahmoud Abdel al-Mohamed), the firebrand cleric at the Al-
Sahaba mosque in Vienna—considered by Italian intelligence at the time to be “a most
important representative of Sunni radicalism in Europe” who was fixated on “the situation
of the mujahiddin in the former Yugoslavia.”[42] Abu Talal hoped that this “meeting of
minds” would serve as the impetus for the creation of a “Shura Council of the European
Union”—a coalition of like-minded Middle Eastern extremist groups with a common
presence and interest in Western Europe. The “Shura Council” was to be developed as an
autonomous command organism capable of “coordinating and making decisions” without
consulting Al-Gama’at al-Islamiyya or Al-Jihad leaders located far off in Egypt or
Afghanistan. One of the main reasons for establishing a unified leadership nucleus was to
fully mobilise shared resources in Europe to support nearby ongoing jihad operations in
North Africa and Bosnia-Herzegovina.[42] A note from the diary of Anwar Shaaban
written just days before meeting Abu Talal in Copenhagen cites the collective importance
of providing assistance “to the Algerian, Tunisian, Senegalese, and Bosnian
brothers.”[42]
Like Shaaban in Milan, Abu Talal al-Qasimy used his position of prominence
while in Copenhagen to establish a circle of like-minded disciples, such as Palestinian
Muslim cleric Ahmed Abu Laban (a.k.a. Abu Abdullah al-Lubnani) who arrived in Denmark
in 1993. Though he speaks little Danish, Abu Laban has gradually established a persona
for himself as the de-facto representative of the minority Muslim community in Denmark,
appearing in local media reports and in meetings with government officials. An August
2005 article in the respected Washington Post even referred to Abu Laban as “one of
Denmark’s most prominent imams.”[104]
Yet, despite his disarming exterior, Italian intelligence recorded visits by Abu
Laban to Anwar Shaaban’s ICI in Milan “many times” for “conferences” and
“community prayers.”[42] When news of the capture of Abu Talal al-Qasimy in Croatia
filtered back to Denmark, Ahmed Abu Laban led an angry protest of 500 local Muslims in
downtown Copenhagen outside the Croatian embassy. During the October 1995 protest
(which included an appearance by al-Qasimy’s wife), demonstrators “raised their fists and
shouted ‘Allahu Akhbar!’” In interviews with journalists, Abu Laban condemned Egypt, the
United States, and Croatia as “the beneficiaries” of Abu Talal’s capture en route to Muslim
forces in central Bosnia-Herzegovina.[106]
In early 2006, Ahmed Abu Laban re-appeared in international media after he
helped provoke a new series of violent protests across the Muslim world in reaction to
cartoons published in Scandinavian magazines that lampooned the Prophet Mohammed.
The controversial cartoons failed to attract widespread interest among Muslims outside of
Europe when they first printed in the Danish publication Jyllands-Posten during the fall of
2005. On November 18—in an interview with an Islamic press agency—Abu Laban
announced that he would lead a delegation of Danish Muslims touring across the Middle
East in a bid to draw pan-Islamic attention to the cartoons issue:
“A delegation will visit Cairo to meet with Arab League Secretary Amr Moussa and Grand
Imam of Al-Azhar Sheikh Mohammad Sayyed Tantawi… The delegation will also visit
Saudi Arabia and Qatar to meet with renowned Muslim scholar Sheikh Yussef Al-
Qaradawi… We want to internationalise this issue so that the Danish government would
realise that the cartoons were not only insulting to Muslims in Denmark but also to
Muslims worldwide… It was decided to take such a step because it is wrong to turn a
blind eye to the fact that some European countries discriminate against their Muslims on
the grounds that they are not democratic and that they can not understand western
culture.”[107]
During meetings with Muslim leaders, the delegation led by Abu Laban displayed the
cartoons published by Jyllands-Posten—along with several other much more offensive
items that had never actually been published in Scandinavia, including a cartoon
depicting the Prophet having sexual intercourse with a dog. Other printed materials
distributed in conjunction with Abu Laban’s campaign contained several other
inflammatory and misleading rumours about the would-be “oppression” of Danish
Muslims.[108] Within weeks, as a result of Abu Laban’s relentless incitement, the cartoon
controversy spun out of control, resulting in angry mobs attacking Scandinavian
diplomatic facilities in Syria, Lebanon, Iran, Pakistan, and the Palestinian territories.
Likewise, in neighbouring Sweden, local cells of North African extremists who had
initially organised themselves around the need to support to fellow jihadists in
Afghanistan, North Africa, and the Balkans eventually developed into an elaborate
regional network for terrorist recruitment, financing, and other illicit activities. According
to the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency, the Stockholm office of a fraudulent Arab-Afghan
charitable group known as “Human Concern International” (HCI) served as cover during
the mid-1990s for a major covert Bosnian arms smuggling operation.[73] European
Muslim newsletters advertised that due to a wealth of contributions from “the increasing
Muslim population in Sweden,” the HCI branch in Stockholm had already successfully
“equipped the Mujahideen in Afghanistan… The organisation has succeeded in gathering
more than half million Kroner last year, and it has been sent to the Mujahideen in
Afghanistan. We are still helping the Arab youths to go to Afghanistan thus to contribute
in the Jihad.”[110] The newspaper Le Monde confirmed that French national police
suspected that HCI’s offices in Croatia and Sweden had acted as possible “staging points”
for the GIA terrorist cell responsible for a July 25, 1995 bomb attack on the Paris metro
system.[111] In the wake of the Paris bombing, Swedish authorities arrested and held a
suspected GIA member Abdelkerim Deneche who was living in Stockholm at the time.
Deneche had previously been fingered in French news media as a former employee of the
HCI office in Zagreb.
Not to be outdone by their British colleagues, groups of young Algerian radicals
from Sweden were also traveling directly to Bosnia seeking to physically join in the jihad
against the “Christian Crusaders.” On September 19, 1993, one of these Swedish
mujahideen recruits—“Abu Musab al-Swedani”—was killed in a battle with Croatian HVO
forces near the central Bosnian town of Kruscica (near Vitez). According to friends, Abu
Musab was born in Sweden to a Swedish mother and an Algerian father. He grew up in
Scandinavia, but at age 20, suddenly developed an intense interest in studying Islam. He
travelled to Saudi Arabia on a personal pilgrimage to learn Arabic and study the Islamic
Shariah (religious law). During the nearly two years he spent in the Arabian Peninsula, he
became a devout, fundamentalist who, upon his return to Sweden, began actively
prosthelytising his religion to others around him, including his family and
relatives.[112]
The jihad in Afghanistan was making major international headlines during this
period of the late 1980s, catching the avid attention of the pro-Islamist community in the
West. Abu Musab “began to follow the news of the Muslims around the world and in
particular the killing of the Muslims and their expulsion from their homes. He then
understood that there is no dignity for the Muslims except through Jihad.” Abu Musab
travelled to Peshawar, the “gateway to jihad,” with another young, radical Muslim who
was already a member of the mujahideen. After some hesitation, he soon ventured forth
into Afghanistan to seek combat training and to fight on behalf of the Islamic revolution.
When the Afghan jihad ended, Abu Musab returned home to Sweden and married a
Muslim woman. But, in 1992, he once again decided to make a jihadi pilgrimage—this
time in Bosnia-Herzegovina. Abu Musab al-Swedani arrived in the region and joined up
with the extremists based in the camp on Mt. Igman, under the lead of “General” Abu
Ayman al-Masri.[112] After surviving several months of combat, Abu Musab was finally
killed by a sniper’s bullet while in the midst of a chaotic mujahideen military offensive
aimed at driving Croatian forces out of Muslim central Bosnia.[112] Al-Swedani’s
biography and photo were later publicised in the pioneering English-language jihad
propaganda film “The Martyrs of Bosnia,” produced by accused London-based Al-Qaida
operative Babar Ahmad.[112]
As a testament to what had been achieved, when the mujahideen military
campaign in Bosnia-Herzegovina came to a sudden halt in September 1995, the
predominantly Algerian arms smuggling and recruitment network based in Stockholm
continued their ongoing activities virtually unabated. Jihad became a hot topic of
discussion and a host of individuals surfaced in Scandinavia claiming to represent various
Islamic extremist movements—including “Abu Fatima al-Tunisi” (a spokesman for a
Stockholm-based Islamic group), and “Abu Daoud al-Maghrebi” (a Swedish-based activist
working on behalf of the GIA in Northern Europe).[116] Even the Nusraat al-Ansaar
newsletter—the semi-official publication of the GIA’s foreign delegation in Europe—
offered a correspondence address at Box 3027 in Haninge, Sweden.[117]
Indeed, Swedish-based militants who were initially mobilised by ongoing jihadi
conflicts in Bosnia and Afghanistan were also the first to establish an official
Arablanguage Internet homepage for the notorious Algerian GIA, with an entire sub-
section dedicated just to “terrorism.”[118] These same individuals began to distribute
Arabiclanguage jihad training manuals on the Internet, many of which have become
classic documents in the online world of the mujahideen—including a lengthy book titled
“The Restoration of the Publication of the Believers,” written by Egyptian Islamic Jihad
leader Dr. Ayman al-Zawahiri. When it was published on the Internet from Sweden,
Zawahiri’s book still carried a watermark on the cover from 1996 identifying it as the
property of “Muslimska Forsamilingen i Brandbergen, Jungfrugaten 413 N.B.” in the town
of Haninge.[119]
Conclusions
To some degree, all major conflicts in the Islamic world have a bearing on
Muslim social and political attitudes in Europe. Yet, the proximity of Bosnia-
Herzegovina to Europe and the underlying nature of the conflict in the Balkans (pitting an
embattled and forgotten Muslim minority against two larger Christian “crusader” forces)
caused an infusion of European youth that no such conflict had previously seen. Bosnia
became a rallying cry and the impetus for disparate groups of Islamic extremists spread
across Western Europe to come together in common cause. It was a mobilisation drive
that simply never stopped when the Dayton Accords were signed and the Bosnian war
ended.
The recent discovery of a transnational terrorist network anchored in Sarajevo—
and with branches in Sweden, Denmark, and the United Kingdom—is further evidence of
the extent to which the jihad in Bosnia still influences Western European mujahideen
networks. Last fall, Bosnian authorities announced a series of arrests in connection with a
security sweep known as Operation Mazhar. The men taken into custody had purchased
explosives and allegedly planned to carry out suicide attacks against Western targets
across Europe. The leader of the cell, Swedish national Mirsad Bektasevic (a.k.a.
“Maximus”) was initially based in Sweden and then travelled on to Bosnia “to plan an
attack aimed at forcing Bosnia or another government to withdraw forces from Iraq and
Afghanistan.”[120]
In a videotape recovered by Bosnian police, masked militants were shown
building explosives while another individual—allegedly Bektasevic himself—explained to
the camera, “This weapon will be used against Europe, against those whose forces are in
Iraq and Afghanistan… These two brothers ... have given their lives to God to help their
brothers and sisters. We are here and we are planning and we have got everything
ready.” Mobile phone records also showed that Bektasevic was communicating with other
known extremists based in Denmark and the United Kingdom.[120] He was also believed
to be running a recruitment operation sending young European jihadi recruits on to Abu
Musab al-Zarqawi in Iraq.[122] Moreover, at least one of the suspects arrested in Bosnia-
Herzegovina in connection with the Bektasevic network was the former accountant of a
financial front company run by veterans of the El-Mudzahedin Unit in Sarajevo and
Zenica.
Thus, the brotherhood of radical Muslims forged as a result of the conflict in
Bosnia-Herzegovina continues to present a formidable challenge for European
intelligence and law enforcement. In the future, it is crucial for Western security
agencies to pool information on the identities of any foreign nationals known to have
joined mujahideen forces in the Balkans—just as they have done for Afghanistan and
Iraq. Moreover, European nations must provide further resources and investigative
support to Bosnian Muslim authorities in their drive to uproot remaining pockets of
foreign extremists. Without substantial international assistance, it is doubtful that the
Bosnians can alone shoulder this weighty and complex security responsibility.
Sources:
1. Interview with Shaykh Abu Hamza al-Masri at the Finsbury Park Mosque; June 28, 2002.
2. Video interview clip of Abu Ibrahim al-Brittanee; 21-years old, Goulders Green, London.
3. “The Jihad in Bosnia.” Al-Daawah (Islamabad). P.O. Box 3093; Islamabad, Pakistan. Publisher: Shaykh
Waseem Ahmed. January 1993.
4. Azzam Publications. “In the Hearts of Green Birds.” Audiocassette tape transliterated by Salman Dhia
Al-Deen. http://www.azzam.com.
5. “Review of the Information on Activities of the Persons from Afro-Asian Countries Directly Before the
War and During the War in the Territory of BIH Republic.” Report written by the BIH Administration of
the Military Security Service– Department for Analytical and Informative Affairs.” Sarajevo; May 6, 1995.
6. “Shema Hijerarnijskim Odnosa OpO ‘VAZAL.’” Report written by the ARBiH Military Intelligence
Service. November 28, 1995. See sections marked: “Lica Sa Kojima Kontaktira Abu Maali Hasan” and
“Donatori Jedinice ‘El Mudzahidin.’”
7. http://52.374.4.873subf93:XOmlosa487987172719УШ
8. “Disruption of the enemy’s activities.” Memorandum dispatched from Zenica by Colonel Ramiz Dugalic,
commander of the Ministry of Defense Security Administration – Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Army of Bosnia and Herzegovina (ARBiH) Security Service Department. Classified No. 258-33.
September 14, 1994.
9. http://57.703.11.966subf55:OSlecqs136548171343ЧГ
10. http://50.854.4.346plusf08:MFmtwzl673468422ОЂ
11. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. “Requisitoire Definitifaux aux Fins de Non-Lieu. De
Non-Lieu partiel. De Requalification. De Renvoi devant le Tribunal Correctionnel, de mantien sous
Controle Judiciaiare et de maintien en Detention.” Cour D’Appel de Paris; Tribunal de Grande Instance
de Paris. No. Parquet: P96 253 3901.2. Page 157.
12. “Jucio a la Célula Espanola de Al Qaeda.” El Mundo (Spain). June 6, 2005.
http://www.elmundo.es/elmundo/2005/06/06/espana/1118066833.html.
13. “Spanish court jails 18 in al-Qaida trial.” Al-Jazeera. September 26, 2005.
14. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. ………….Page 169.
15. Philps, Alan. “New ‘arc of crisis’ fuels fears over Muslim aggression.” The Daily Telegraph (London).
October 8, 1992. Page 15.
16. Aydintasbas, Asla. “Why they can’t turn their backs on the veil.” The Independent (London). April 28,
1994. Page 22.
17. Unidentified video interview of “Abu Ibrahim.” Originally obtained from the Finsbury Park Mosque,
London.
18. http://52.367.9.741subf39:MFthkko981463710363ЉС
19. Sohail A Osman (sohail@muslimsonline.com). “Subject: Global Jihad Fund.” Newsgroup:
soc.religion.islam. August 30, 1998.
20. “Global Jihad Fund: Mission Statement.” http://www.ummah.net/jihad/about.htm. November 2000.
21. Mohammed Sohail (info@zakat.org.uk). “One Deen, One Ummah, One Struggle.” Newsgr:alt.religion.islam. Jan 31, 1996.
22. Sohail A Osman (sohail@muslimsonline.com). “Subject: Global Jihad Fund.” Newsgroup: soc.religion.islam. Aug 30, 1998.
23. Hastings, Chris and Jessica Berry. “Muslim militia training in Britain.” The Ottawa Citizen. November 07, 1999. Page A6.
24. Frost, Bill. “British troops poised to quit Vitez base.” The Times (London). June 14, 1993.
25. Bishop, Patrick. “Islamic warriors lead Balkan attack.” The Daily Telegraph. June 14, 1993. Page 10.
See also: O’Kane, Maggie. “Mujahedeen fighting in Bosnia, British say.” The Guardian (London). June 14, 1993. Page A6.
26. “Moslem fighters ‘led by Briton.’” Daily Mail (London). October 29, 1993. Page 2.
27. Azzam Publications. “In the Hearts of Green Birds.” Audiocassette transliterated by Salman Dhia Al Deen.
28. Azzam Publications. “Under the Shades of Swords.” Audiocassette sequel to “In the Hearts of Green
Birds.” November 1997. Azzam Recordings; London, UK.
29. http://40.375.-3.768subf62:OKblmcw394717197273ЊУ
30. http://52.528.13.393plusf91:AIsmuck789717881861РУ
31. http://59.911.10.748plusf67:PSkrhkc631974631849СИ
32. O’Connor, Mike. “5 Islamic Soldiers Die in Shootout With Croats.” The New York Times. December 16, 1995. Page 6.
39. Muir, Hugh. “British Muslim convert jailed for terrorism offences.” The Guardian (London). September 24, 2005.
42. Italian Division of General Investigations and Special Operations (DIGOS) Anti-Terrorism Report. “Searches at the Islamic
Cultural Center, Viale Jenner 50, Milano, 6/26/1995.” Dated September 15, 1997.
43. Azzam Publications. “The Martyrs of Bosnia: Part I.” PAL/NTSC Format. Length: 150 minutes approximately. ©2000.
44. Ibid.
46. United States v. Usama bin Laden, et al. S(7) 98 Cr. 1023 (LBS). United States District Court, Southern District of New
York. Trial Transcript, February 21, 2001. Pages 1106-1107.
47. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. ………….Page 99.
51. Italian Division of General Investigations and Special Operations (DIGOS) Anti-Terrorism Report. “Searches at the Islamic
Cultural Center, Viale Jenner 50, Milano, 6/26/1995.” Dated September 15, 1997. See: Shaaban, Anwar. “Conversations Among
Friends: Where is the Damage?” Sawt al-Haqq Magazine. No. 66; June 1995.
58. Higgins, Andrew and Christopher Cooper. “CIA-backed team used brutal means to break up terrorist cell in Albania.” The
Wall Street Journal. November 20, 2001.
59. Ibid.
60. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. …………. Page 97.
61. United States v. Usama bin Laden, et al. S(7) 98 Cr. 1023 (LBS). United States District Court, Southern District of New
York. Trial Transcript, February 20, 2001. Page 997.
62. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. ………….Page 94. See also: “Italian police arrest alleged Tunisian militant.”
Reuters. September 29, 2002.
63. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. …………. Page 96.
64. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. …………. Page 96.
65. Rodan, Steve. “Mubarak on a powder keg.” The Jerusalem Post. June 30, 1995. Page 11.
66. Willan, Philip. “Italians arrest suspected Islamic militants.” United Press International. June 26, 1995.
68. Ibrahim, Youssef, M. “Muslim militant leader arrested on way to Bosnia, Egypt reports.” The Houston Chronicle. September
24, 1995. Sec. A; Page 31.
69. Croatian Radio. Broadcast in Serbo-Croat language in Zagreb. October 20, 1995; 1600 GMT.
70. Gatti, Fabrizio. “1995: From Milan a car bomb leaves for Fiume.” Corriere della Sera (Italy). November 11, 2001.
73. January 1996 CIA Report on “International Islamic NGOs” and links to terrorism. Page 13. See also: Affidavit by Senior
Special Agent David Kane (Bureau of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Department of Homeland Security). United States
of America v. Soliman S. Biheiri. United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Alexandria Division. Case #:
03-365-A. August 14, 2003. Page 2.
74. “Egyptian Radical Group Claims Bombing in Croatia.” The Associated Press. October 21, 1995.
75. “Jamaa claims Croatia bombing, Mubarak cancels New York trip.” Deutsche Presse-Agentur. October 21, 1995.
77. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. …………. Page 160.
78. Gatti, Fabrizio. “1995: From Milan a car bomb leaves for Fiume.” Corriere della Sera (Italy). November 11, 2001.
79. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. ………….Page 7.
80. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. ………….Page 99.
81. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. ………….Page 100.
82. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. ………….Page 126.
83. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. ………….Page 148.
84. Pyes, Craig and Josh Meyer et al. “Bosnia Seen as Hospitable Base and Sanctuary for Terrorists.” The Los Angeles Times.
October 7, 2001. Page A1.
85. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. ………….Page 104.
86. “Mustapha the Terrorist.” National Post (Canada). February 24, 2001.
87. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. ………….Page 146.
88. “Bombing trial opens in Paris.” CNN Online. November 24, 1997. See also: Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard.
“Requisitoire Definitifaux aux Fins de Non-Lieu. De Non-Lieu partiel. De Requalification. De Renvoi devant le Tribunal
Correctionnel, de mantien sous Controle Judiciaiare et de maintien en Detention.” Cour D’Appel de Paris; Tribunal de Grande
Instance de Paris. No. Parquet: P96 253 3901.2. Page 105.
89. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. ………….Page 103.
90. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. ………….Page 105.
91. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. ………….Page 105.
92. Jean-Louis Bruguiere and Jean-Francois Ricard. ………….Page 109.
93. Interview of Ahmed Zaidan by Steven Emerson and Khalid Duran. October 25, 1993.
95. “Dr. Omar Abdul Rahman to Nida’ul Islam: ‘Muslims Should Continue to Call to Allah and Struggle Relentlessly For His
Sake.” Nida’ul-Islam. Issue No. 16; December 1996/January 1997. http://www.islam.org.au/articles/16/dromar.htm.
96. Sheikh Abu Ithar. “Sheikh Abu Talal Al-Qasimy, Infatuated With the Pen and the Spear.” Al-Nida’ul Islam. Issue 21;
December-January 1997-1998. http://www.islam.org.au.
97. Evans, Kathy. “Pakistan clamps down on Afghan Mojahedin and Orders Expulsion of Arab Jihad Supporters.” The Guardian
(London). January 7, 1993. Page 7.
98. Interview of Hudhaifa Azzam by Steven Emerson and Khalid Duran. October 21, 1993.
99. Sheikh Abu Ithar. “Sheikh Abu Talal Al-Qasimy, Infatuated With the Pen and the Spear.” Al-Nida’ul
Islam. Issue 21; December-January 1997-1998. http://www.islam.org.au.
100. “MSANEWS EGYPT UPDATE: June 27, 1995: Zawahiri, Kassim, Ben Laden and the gang .. and a brotherly gesture from
Russia (fwd).” MSANews. June 27, 1995.
104. Sullivan, Kevin. “Denmark Tries to Act Against Terrorism as Mood in Europe Shifts.” Washington Post. August 29, 2005.
106. Nasrawi, Salah. “Islamic Group Warns Americans Over Conviction of Sheik.” October 3, 1995.
107. Qenawi, Ayman. “Danish Muslims ‘Internationalize’ Anti-Prophet Cartoons.” Islam Online. November 18, 2005.
http://islamonline.net/English/News/2005-11/18/article02.shtml.
108. Vidino, Lorenzo. “Creating Outrage.” National Review Online. February 6, 2006.
109. http://52.491.13.351subf93:XLlymxo638971763265ВЦ
110. Al-Ghuraba Magazine. The Islamic Student Association in the U.K. and Ireland. P.O. Box 82; Leeds, UK L53 1DZ. No. 7;
July 1989. Page 22.
111. “Paris bomb suspect says has alibi in Sweden-report.” Reuters. August 23, 1995.
112. Azzam Publications. “The Martyrs of Bosnia: Part I.” PAL/NTSC Format. Length: 150 minutes approximately. ©2000.
116. “Algeria’s GIA warns of impostors operating in its name in Europe.” Mideast Mirror. Vol. 9, No. 51. March 15, 1995.
117. Mirak-Weissbach, Muriel. “The case of the GIA: Afghansi out of theater.” Executive Intelligence Review. October 13, 1995.
118. http://www.zyworld.com/gia/gia.htm. July 2001. See also: Holmstrom, Mj. Conny. “Terroristorganisationer pa Internet, en
mojlighet eller realitet?” Forsvarshogskolan C-uppsats. June 19, 2001. Page 70.
http://www.annalindhbiblioteket.se/publikationer/uppsatser/2001/chp9901/holmstrom_1064.pdf.
119. http://www.geocities.com/doktorayman/ayman.zip. December 2004.
120. “Bosnia says trio planned suicide attacks in Europe.” Reuters. April 18, 2006.
122. Hosenball, Mark. “Target Washington?” Newsweek. November 4, 2005.
2.37 Justification of Muslim crime against non-Muslims
According to the Salafists, non-Muslims are lesser people. By saying this they justify the
behaviour of young Muslim criminals who target the non-Muslims whilst they never touch
fellow Muslims. They told me that drug trafficking is perfectly acceptable as long as one
only sells to non-Muslims. They told me that stealing from non-Muslims is allowed as long
as one does not harm fellow Muslims. One day our office was burgled and our computers
were stolen. All except the two computers belonging to our two Muslim colleagues. You
don’t steal from brothers or sisters! The culprits were YfI-members.
Many victims of burglaries in houses and cars, of steaming and other forms of violence,
can testify that aggression by Muslims is not directed against brothers and sisters, but
against whoever is a kafir, a non-believer. Young Muslims justify their behaviour towards
women who do not wear the headscarf, whether Muslim or non-Muslim, by referring to
the Salafist teaching which says that these women are whores and should be treated as
such. They told me this. I wrote it down in my reports, but the authorities refuse to hear
it.
Of course Mr Ramadan disapproves of the young criminals’ behaviour. Of course the YfI
leadership disapproves too. But I am convinced they are double-faced. In public, when
talking to Westerners, such as the media and the authorities, they condemn the
criminals, but they continue to spread the ideas which the criminals use to justify their
acts.
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1970
2.38 The Real Roots of Muslim Hatred
By Andrew G. Bostom
“Are you Muslim or Christian? We don't want to kill Muslims.” That’s what the Islamic
terrorists reportedly told their innocent prey during a murderous shooting spree last
Saturday in Khobar, Saudi Arabia, that left at least 17 civilians dead in the initial assault.
[1] How are we to interpret such repeated acts of terrorism, targeting non-Muslims?
Perhaps the most influential contemporary doyen lecturing to us about "Islamic
fundamentalism" has asserted, in multiple writings since 1990[2], the following:
fundamentalism and its accompanying “Muslim rage” derive exclusively from a steady
decline in the geopolitical power of Muslim states, evidenced, most dramatically, by the
official dissolution of the Ottoman Caliphate after World War I, and the creation of the
State of Israel after World War II. Despite his erudition, this doyen appears unwilling to
examine an obvious alternative explanation for the etiology and persistence of Muslim
animus toward non-Muslims- what Muslim children, for generations, have been taught to
think about the infidel "other," regardless of the geopolitical circumstances.
E.W. Lane wrote an informative firsthand account of life in Egypt, particularly Cairo and
Luxor, composed after several years of residence there (first in 1825-1828, then in 1833-
1835). James Aldridge in his study Cairo (1969) called Lane’s account “the most truthful
and detailed account in English of how Egyptians lived and behaved.”[3] Egyptian
Muslims, Lane explains, regarded "persons of every other faith as the children of
perdition; and such, the Muslim is early taught to despise…I am credibly informed that
children in Egypt are often taught at school, a regular set of curses to denounce upon the
persons and property of Christians, Jews, and all other unbelievers in the religion of
Mohammad.”[4] Lane, who had perfect command of Arabic and went on to write a
colossal Arabic-English lexicon, translated the prayer below from a contemporary 19 th
century text Arabic text. It contains curses on non-Muslims, “which the Muslim youths in
many of the schools in Cairo recite, before they return to their homes, every day of
their attendance.”[5] One typical curse is:
“I seek refuge with God from Satan the accursed. In the name of God, the
Compassionate, the Merciful. O God, aid El-Islam, and exalt the word of truth, and the
faith, by the preservation of thy servant and the son of thy servant, the Sultan of the two
continents (Europe and Asia), and the Khakan (Emperor or monarch) of the two seas
[the Mediterranean and Black Seas], the Sultan, son of the Sultan (Mahmood) Khan (the
reigning Sultan when this prayer was composed). O God, assist him, and assist his
armies, and all the forces of the Muslims: O Lord of the beings of the whole world. O
God, destroy the infidels and polytheists, thine enemies, the enemies of the
religion. O God, make their children orphans, and defile their abodes, and cause
their feet to slip, and give them and their families, and their households and
their women and their children and their relations by marriage and their
brothers and their friends and their possessions and their race and their wealth
and their lands as booty to the Muslims: O Lord of the beings of the whole world.”[6]
(Emphasis added.)
Not surprisingly then, Lane describes how the Jews, for example, were “often…jostled in
the streets of Cairo, and sometimes beaten merely for passing on the right hand of a
Muslim…(The Jews) scarcely dare ever to utter a word of abuse when reviled or beaten
unjustly by the meanest Arab or Turk; for many a Jew has been put to death upon a false
and malicious accusation of uttering disrespectful words against the Qur’an or the
Prophet. It is common to hear an Arab abuse his jaded ass, and, after applying to him
various opprobrious epithets, end by calling the beast a Jew.”[7]
Over five decades later, in Tunis, 1888, the following personal account reveals further
evidence of the visceral abhorrence and hostility inculcated in Muslim children,
specifically, toward non-Muslims: “(The Jew) can be seen to bow down with his whole
body to a Muslim child and permit him the traditional privilege of striking him in the face,
a gesture that can prove of the gravest consequence. Indeed, the present writer has
received such blows. In such matters the offenders act with complete impunity, for this
has been the custom from time immemorial.”[8] (Emphasis added.)
Mary Boyce, Professor Emeritus of Iranian Studies and a pre-eminent scholar of
Zoroastrianism, spent a 12-month sabbatical in 1963-64 living in the Zoroastrian
community of Iran (mostly in Sharifabad, on the northern Yazdi plain). During a lecture
series given at Oxford in 1975,[9] she noted how the Iranian ancestors of the
Zoroastrians had a devoted working relationship (i.e., herding livestock) with dogs when
they lived a nomadic existence on the Asian steppes. This sustained contact evolved over
generations such that dogs became “a part in (Zoroastrian) religious beliefs and
practices…which in due course became a part of the heritage of Zoroastrianism.”[10]
Boyce then provided an historical overview of the deliberate, wanton cruelty of Muslims
and their children towards dogs in Iran, including a personal eyewitness account:
In Sharifabad the dogs distinguished clearly between Moslem and Zoroastrian, and were
prepared to go…full of hope, into a crowded Zoroastrian assembly, or to fall asleep
trustfully in a Zoroastrian lane, but would flee as before Satan from a group of Moslem
boys…The evidence points…to Moslem hostility to these animals having been deliberately
fostered in the first place in Iran, as a point of opposition to the old (pre-Islamic jihad
conquest) faith (i.e., Zoroastrianism) there. Certainly in the Yazdi area…Moslems found a
double satisfaction in tormenting dogs, since they were thereby both afflicting an unclean
creature and causing distress to the infidel who cherished him. There are grim…stories
from the time (i.e., into the latter half of the 19 th century) when the annual poll-tax
(jizya) was exacted, of the tax gatherer tying a Zoroastrian and a dog together, and
flogging both alternately until the money was somehow forthcoming, or death released
them. I myself was spared any worse sight than that of a young Moslem girl…standing
over a litter of two-week old puppies, and suddenly kicking one as hard as she could with
her shod foot. The puppy screamed with pain, but at my angry intervention she merely
said blankly, ‘But it’s unclean.’ In Sharifabad I was told by distressed Zoroastrian children
of worse things: a litter of puppies cut to pieces with a spade-edge, and a dog’s head laid
open with the same implement; and occasionally the air was made hideous with the cries
of some tormented animal. Such wanton cruelties on the Moslems’ part added not a little
to the tension between the communities.[11]
Sorour Soroudi, an Iranian Jewish woman and academic, whose family left Iran in 1970,
published this recollection:
"I still remember the rhyme Muslim children used to chant when they saw an Armenian
in the streets, 'Armeni, Armeni-dog, sweeper of hell are you!' ”[12].
A decade later, anti-infidel discrimination intensified and became state sanctioned policy
with the ascent of the Khomeini-lead Shi’ite theocracy in Iran.[13] Professor Eliz
Sanasarian provides one particularly disturbing example of these policies, reflecting the
hateful indoctrination of young adult candidates for national teacher training programs.
Affirming as objective, factual history the hadith[14] account of Muhammad’s supposed
poisoning by a Jewish woman from ancient Khaibar, Sanasarian notes, “Even worse, the
subject became one of the questions in the ideological test for the Teachers’ Training
College where students were given a multiple-choice question in order to identify the
instigator of the martyrdom of the Prophet Muhammad, the ‘correct’ answer being ‘a
Jewess.’”[15]
The ongoing proliferation of Saudi Arabian-sponsored educational programs rife with
bigotry against non-Muslims has been well documented. A recent comprehensive report
provided unambiguous examples of these hatemongering teaching materials,
accompanied by this triumphal pronouncement from a Saudi royal family publication:
“The cost of King Fahd’s efforts in this field has been astronomical, amounting to many
billions of Saudi riyals. In terms of Islamic institutions, the result is some 210 Islamic
centers wholly or partly financed by Saudi Arabia, more than 1,500 mosques and 2,002
colleges and almost 2,000 schools for educating Muslim children in non-Islamic countries
in Europe, North and South America, Australia, and Asia.”[16]
Vilification of non-Muslims has been intrinsic to the religious education of Muslim children
and young adults for centuries, an ignoble (and continuing) tradition that long antedates
the modern or even pre-modern Muslim “fundamentalist” revival movements. We must
acknowledge this reality and begin to think and act beyond the well-intentioned but
limited constructs of even our most respected doyens. Perhaps it would be wise to heed
the sober advice of this courageous madrassa dropout and secular Muslim “apostate” Ibn
Warraq:
First, we who live in the free West and enjoy freedom of expression and scientific inquiry
should encourage a rational look at Islam, should encourage Koranic criticism. Only
Koranic criticism can help Muslims to look at their Holy Scripture in a more rational and
objective way, and prevent young Muslims from being fanaticised by the Koran’s less
tolerant verses…We can encourage rationality by secular education. This will mean the
closing of religious madrassas where young children from poor families learn only the
Koran by heart, learn the doctrine of Jihad - learn , in short, to be fanatics…My priority
would be the wholesale rewriting of school texts, which at present preach intolerance of
non-Muslims, particularly Jews. One hopes that education will encourage critical thinking
and rationality. Again to encourage pluralism, I should like to see the glories of pre-
Islamic history taught to all children. The banning of all religious education in state
schools as is the case in France where there is a clear constitutional separation of state
and religion is not realistic for the moment in Islamic countries. The best we can hope for
is the teaching of Comparative Religion, which we hope will eventually lead to a lessening
of fanatical fevers, as Islam is seen as but another set of beliefs amongst a host of faiths.
[17]
Until Warraq’s recommendations are heeded, we can look forward to an endless jihad.
Sources:
http://www.andrewbostom.org/loj//content/view/24/27/
1. Reuters, “Gunmen hunted "infidel" Westerners” Sun May 30, 2004 06:30 AM ET,
http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=520188&section=news
2. i.e., Bernard Lewis, for example, in 1990 http://www.theatlantic.com/issues/90sep/rage.htm
http://www.theatlantic.com/issues/90sep/rage2.htm; November/December 1998 “License to Kill: Usama bin Ladin's Declaration
of Jihad”, Foreign Affairs; 2002 http://www.theatlantic.com/issues/2002/01/lewis.htm; 2003
http://www.theatlantic.com/issues/2003/05/lewis.htm
3. Quoted by J.M. White, in his introduction to, Lane, E.W. An Account of the Manners and Customs of the Modern Egyptians,
New York, 1973, p. v.
4. Lane, E.W. Modern Egyptians, p. 276.
5., 6. Lane, E.W. Modern Egyptians, p. 575.
7. Lane, E.W. Modern Egyptians, pp. 554-555.
8. Fellah. “The Situation of the Jews in Tunis, September 1888.”, Ha-Asif (The Harvest) [Hebrew] 6 (Warsaw, 1889), English
translation in, Bat Ye’or, The Dhimmi- Jews and Christians Under Islam, Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 1985, p. 376.
9. Boyce, Mary. A Persian Stronghold of Zoroastrianism (based on the Ratanbai Katrak lectures, 1975), 1977, Oxford.
10. Boyce, M. A Persian Stronghold, p. 139.
11. Boyce, M. A Persian Stronghold, pp. 141-142.
12. Soroudi, Sorour. “The Concept of Jewish Impurity and its Reflection in Persian and Judeo-Persian Traditions” Irano-Judaica
1994, Vol. III, p. 155 (footnote 33):
13. See Tabandeh, Sultanhussein. A Muslim Commentary on the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, translated by F.J.
Goulding, London, 1970, pp. 17-19. Tabandeh was a Sufi Shi’ite ideologue whose writings had a profound influence on Ayatollah
Khomeini’s discriminatory policies towards non-Muslims in Iran, as discussed in Sanasarian, Eliz. Religious Minorities in Iran,
Cambridge, 2000, pp. 24-27.
14. Sahih Bukhari, Volume 3, Book 47, Number 786: Narrated Anas bin Malik: “A Jewess brought a poisoned (cooked) sheep
for the Prophet who ate from it. She was brought to the Prophet and he was asked, ‘Shall we kill her?’ He said, ‘No.’ I continued
to see the effect of the poison on the palate of the mouth of Allah's Apostle.”
15. Sanasarian, E. Religious Minorities in Iran, p. 111.
16. Stalinsky, Steven. “Preliminary Overview. - Saudi Arabia's Education System: Curriculum, Spreading Saudi Education to the
World and the Official Saudi Position on Education Policy,” Middle East Media Research Institute, December 20, 2002.
17. Warraq, Ibn. “A True Islamic Reformation,” FrontPageMagazine.com, May 19, 2003
2.39 The ongoing Civil War in Europe – Muslims want autonomous territory, not
better integration
From the desk of The Brussels Journal, 10.2006
Radical Muslims in several of France’s local communities are waging an undeclared
“intifada” against the police, with violent clashes injuring an average of 14 officers each
day. As the interior ministry said that nearly 2,500 officers had been wounded this year, a
police union declared that its members were “in a state of civil war” with Muslims in the
most depressed “banlieue” estates which are heavily populated by unemployed youths of
north African origin.
It said the situation was so grave that it had asked the government to provide police with
armoured cars to protect officers in the estates, which are becoming no-go zones. The
number of attacks has risen by a third in two years. Police representatives told the
newspaper Le Figaro that the “taboo” of attacking officers on patrol has been broken
[also in the Netherlands].
[...] [Michel Thoomis, the secretary general of the Action Police trade union,] said
yesterday: “We are in a state of civil war, orchestrated by radical Islamists. This is not a
question of urban violence any more, it is an intifada, with stones and Molotov cocktails.
You no longer see two or three youths confronting police, you see whole tower blocks
emptying into the streets to set their ‘comrades’ free when they are arrested.”
[...] However, Gerard Demarcq, of the largest police unions, Alliance, dismissed talk of
an “intifada” as representing the views of only a minority. Mr Demarcq said that the
increased attacks on officers were proof that the policy of “retaking territory” from
criminal gangs was working.
A quote from Paul Belien at The Brussels Journal, 6 November 2005:
To understand what is going on one cannot look at today’s events from a Western
perspective. One has to think like the “youths” in order to understand them. Not imagine
oneself in their shoes, but imagine their minds in one’s own head. The important
question is: how do these insurgents perceive their relationship with society in France?
Unlike their fathers, who came to France from
Muslim countries, accepting that, whilst remaining
Muslims themselves, they had come to live in a
non-Muslim country, the rioters see France as
their country. They were born here. This land is
their land. And since they are Muslims, this land,
or at least a part of it, is Muslim as well. [...] West
Europeans cannot blame the Muslim “youths” for
looking at the world the way they do. Europe
willingly opened the door to the Muslims, not just
by allowing large-scale immigration on an
unprecedented level, but also by encouraging the
newcomers to retain their culture.
[...] Those media that tell us that the rioting “youths” want to be a part of our society
and feel left out of it, are misrepresenting the facts. As the insurgents see it, they are not
a part of our society and they want us to keep out of theirs. The violence in France is in
no way comparable with that of the blacks in the U.S. in the 1960s. The Paris
correspondent of The New York Times who writes that this a “variant of the same
problem” is either lying or does not know what he is talking about. The violence in France
is of the type one finds when one group wants to assert its authority and drive the others
out of its territory. [...] The Muslims resent the outsiders paternalising them and
interfering with their way of life in the suburbs of all Western Europe’s major cities. Their
message is: get out of our way, get out of our territory, and: you act like you think you’re
the boss but we’ll show you who really is.
A quote from Paul Belien in The American Conservative, 5 December 2005:
It is easy to understand why the “youths” in the suburbs turned so violent when [French
Interior Minister] Sarkozy tried to establish law and order there. The “youths” have held
sway there, unchallenged, for decades. If they allow the French authorities to reassert
their authority, they lose their own power base. Unlike the Western intellectuals, they
realise that everything boils down to the question of who wields power over a specific
territory. The police and the gangs fight over whose laws will apply in the neighbourhood:
the laws of the French Republic or the laws of Eurabia.
[...] Sarkozy, who deployed only policemen in his war, was unable to prevail because he
did not have the weapons to win a territorial conflict. After two days of rioting, police
officers warned that they did not have the means to win what they (correctly) described
as a “civil war.” [...] The poor natives who live in the immigrants’ neighbourhoods know
better, however. They know that the generals of Eurabia, the leaders of the “youths,”
drive BMWs and Mercedes (which no-one dares to set alight), and that they use mobile
phones and PCs to instruct their highly mobile troops. The war in France is not about
social injustice, but about territory.
2.40 Muslim atrocities committed against Western Europeans 1960-2010
(2020)
The following report includes Muslim atrocities committed against
indigenous Europeans from 1960-2010. It also includes projections to
2020 based on historical numbers. The report includes atrocities such as
murder, indirect murder, rape, gang rape, robberies, beatings, arson and
more.
Year Muslims Be/Ro[1] Rape[2] Arson[3] Murder[4]
1960-65 >100 000 5000 1000 500 50
1965-70 >400 000 20000 5000 2000 200
1970-75 >800 000 40000 10000 4000 400
1975-80 >2 mill 100000 25000 10000 1000
1980-85 >4 mill 200000 50000 20000 2000
1985-90 >8 mill 400000 100000 40000 4000
1991 9 mill 90000 22500 9000 900
1992 10 mill 100000 25000 10000 1000
1993 11 mill 110000 27500 11000 1100
1994 12 mill 120000 30000 12000 1200
1995 13 mill 130000 32500 13000 1300
1996 14 mill 140000 35000 14000 1400
1997 15 mill 150000 37500 15000 1500
1998 16 mill 160000 40000 16000 1600
1999 17 mill 170000 42500 17000 1700
2000 18 mill 180000 45000 18000 1800
2001 19 mill 190000 47500 19000 1900
2002 20 mill 200000 50000 20000 2000
2003 21 mill 210000 52500 21000 2100
2004 22 mill 220000 55000 22000 2200
2005 23 mill 230000 57500 23000 2300
2006 24 mill 240000 60000 24000 2400
2007 25 mill 250000 62500 25000 2500
2008 26 mill 260000 65000 26000 2600
2009 27,5 mill 275000 68750 27500 2750
2010 29 mill 290000 72500 29000 2900
2011 30,5 mill 305000 76250 30500 3050
2012 32 mill 320000 80000 32000 3200
2013 33,5 mill 335000 83750 33500 3350
2014 35 mill 350000 87500 35000 3500
2015 37 mill 370000 92500 37000 3700
2016 39 mill 390000 97500 39000 3900
2017 41 mill 410000 102500 41000 4100
2018 43 mill 430000 107500 43000 4300
2019 45 mill 450000 112500 45000 4500
2020 47 mill 470000 117500 47000 4700
Total nr. of
atrocities
8,31 mill 2,07 mill 831 000 83 100
The numbers provided have been calculated based on Norwegian, Swedish, British and
French statistics (many of these reports are included in this compendium). There may be
certain errors for certain years. However, the total numbers should be representative for
Western European countries seen as a whole. The numbers may appear astronomical and
it might be hard to believe at first glance. Nevertheless, the numbers are in fact
conservative estimates and the real numbers may be a lot higher.
1. (Be/Ro) Includes Muslim physical and psychological abuse (beatings threats,
harassment, all forms of violence), torture, slavery or financial and/or sexual exploitation
(rape excluded). Estimates are calculated based on number of atrocities committed.
Many Europeans have been abused or exploited several times. Ratio is an average 1000
atrocities per 100 000 Muslims annually.
2. Estimates are calculated based on number of rapes. A gang rape will count number of
rapists in relation to number of rapes. Many European girls/women have been raped
multiple times. Ratio is an average 200 rapes per 100 000 Muslims annually.
3. Estimates include car burnings which is a significant problem in many European major
cities. Arson is often the preferred method the Muslims will use to weaken the society.
Ratio is an average 100 arson attacks per 100 000 Muslims annually.
4. This includes the direct and indirect murder of Europeans committed by Muslims living
in Europe. There us an average of 10 murders per year, per 100 000 Muslims. Ratio is an
average 10 murders per 100 000 Muslims annually.
Wherever there is a presence of Muslims, Islamisation occurs
The ubiquity of the intrusive security measures in our society, security measures
necessary for one reason and one reason only; to defend us from Islamic criminals and
terrorists who are here only because Muslims are here. This is the proof that by the very
fact of admitting large numbers of Muslims into our society, we have already lost our
freedom to the power and the threat of Islam. And, again, no one ever points out this
screamingly obvious fact. No one ever says: the reason we now live in a bunkered
society is that Muslims are among us. If the Muslims hadn't been allowed to come here,
these suffocating security measures would never have been necessary; if the Muslims
weren't here, the security measures would instantly become unnecessary.
These Muslim perpetrators view Europe as “dar-al-Harb” (house of war), as taught in the
Quran. As such, the exploitation and pillaging of European resources and people is the
divine right of all Muslims. A kafr/infidel is an individual regarded as human garbage to a
devout Muslim, a second class citizen. The Muslims therefore takes advantage of their
Allah-given prerogative to rape, kill and steal from Europeans as they view this as the
spoils of war.
Make no mistake. These Muslims must be considered as wild animals. Do not blame the
wild animals but rather the multiculturalist category A and B traitors who allowed these
animals to enter our lands, and continue to facilitate them. This is nothing less than a
genocide aided and abetted by our own elites, primarily Marxist, suicidal humanist and
capitalist globalist politicians and journalists. They will eventually pay the ultimate price
for their war crimes. Judgment day is coming closer for each and every category A and B
traitor. No mercy will be shown to them because they know what they have done and
continue to do.
2.41 Various forms of Jihad
Islamists cannot wage all out war on Europe and expect to win. But they have a religious
duty to try to wage Jihad in some way and eventually conquer all countries. There are
more devious ways to conquer than straightforward war, however. As you can see, many
of these things are already being done.
As we all know, Jihad means struggle. It is every Muslims duty to contribute to or
perform Jihad in one way or the other.
Political/Democratic/Apologistic Jihad (Rhetorical/psychological warfare)
Thousands of active Islamic apologetics on all arenas (ranging from internet forums to
the public debate elsewhere). Their primary goal is to discredit, pacify and silence all
whom criticise Islam and Demographic Jihad.
Objectives:
1. Terminate European freedom of speech by replacing it with hate-crime bills.
2. Wage a war of words using charismatic individuals who directly or indirectly promote
and defend Islam.
3. Engage the European public in dialogues, discussions, and debates in colleges,
universities, public libraries, radio, TV, churches and mosques on the virtues of Islam.
Proclaim how it is historically another peaceful religion like Judaism and Christianity with
the same monotheistic faith.
4. Nominate Muslim sympathisers to political office to bring about favourable legislation
toward Islam and support potential sympathisers by block voting.
5. Take control of as much of the press, TV, radio and the Internet as possible by buying
the related corporations or a controlling stock.
6. Funding European educational institutions for the purpose of manipulating school
curriculum.
7. Yield to the fear of the imminent shut-off of the lifeblood of America – black gold.
Europe’s economy depends on oil and much of it comes from the Middle East.
8. Yell ''foul, out-of-context, personal interpretation, hate crime, Zionist, un- American,
inaccurate interpretation of the Quran (al-Taqiyya)'' anytime Islam is criticised or the
Quran is analyzed in the public arena.
9. Encourage Muslims to penetrate the parliament, specifically with Islamists who can
articulate a marvellous and peaceful picture of Islam. Acquire government positions and
get membership in local school boards. Train Muslims as medical doctors to dominate the
medical field, research and pharmaceutical companies. Establish Middle Eastern
restaurants throughout Europe to connect planners of Islamisation in a discreet way.
10. Provide very sizable monetary Muslim grants to colleges and universities in Europe to
establish ''Centers for Islamic studies'' with Muslim directors to promote Islam in higher-
education institutions.
11. Let the entire world know through propaganda, speeches, seminars, local and
national media that terrorists have hijacked Islam, when in truth, Islam hijacked the
terrorists.
12. Appeal to the historically compassionate and sensitive Westerners for sympathy and
tolerance towards Muslims in the West who are portrayed as mainly immigrants from
oppressed countries.
13. Form riots and demonstrations in the prison system demanding Islamic Sharia as the
way of life, not the national justice system.
14. Unify the numerous Muslim lobbies in the EU and around Europe, the UN, mosques,
Islamic student centers, educational organisations, magazines and papers by Internet
and an annual convention to coordinate plans, propagate the faith and manipulate news
in the media.
15. Applaud Muslims as loyal citizens of the EU by spotlighting their voting record as the
highest percentage of all minority and ethnic groups in Europe.
16. ”Victimisation” rhetoric as the most potent weapon. This is very obvious in both the
Palestine struggle but was also apparent in Kosovo where they used the Serb-Kosovo
issue with the support of western media to win new territories. Both are clever use of
strategies where victimisation is the key to winning over the media and the sympathy of
humanist organisations and western politicians in general.
Demographic Jihad (Demographic warfare)
What is Islamic demographic warfare (“peaceful” Jihad)? I doubt anyone can explain the
term better than true professionals:
Houari Boumedienne, Algeria’s undisputed ruler until his death in 1978, said it clearly in a
1974 UN speech:
”One day, millions of men will leave the Southern Hemisphere to go to the Northern
Hemisphere. And they will not go there as friends, because they will go there to conquer it.
And they will conquer it with their sons. The wombs of our women will give us victory.”
Libyan Leader Mu'ammar Al-Qadhafi, March, 2007:
There are signs that Allah will grant victory to Islam in Europe without swords, without
guns, without conquest. We don't need terrorists, we don't need homicide bombers. The
50+ million Muslims [in Europe] will turn it into a Muslim continent within a few decades.
Breed the non-Muslims out, tactic. The most lethal of all tactics as the democratic West is
extremely vulnerable to this form of Jihad. Demographic warfare is in line with
democratic principles which historically have proven to be very successful in tandem with
other forms of Jihad.
Birth control is efficiently prevented through the teachings of the Quran and the Hadith
(Sharia). Furthermore, Sharia ensures that no Muslims are allowed to marry non-Muslims
(without the non-Muslim first converting)
1. Accelerate Islamic demographic growth via:
Massive Muslim immigration. Total number of Muslims in Western Europe is now more
than 25 million, up from 50 000 in 1955 (7,8 million of them living in France, 12% of the
population)
Use no birth control whatsoever – every baby of Muslim parents is automatically a
Muslim and cannot choose another religion later.
2. Muslim men marry European women and Islamises them (Approximately 30,000
annually in Western Europe). Then divorce them and remarry later.
Marriage of a Muslim male with a non-Muslim woman is usually acceptable if she is
Jewish or a Christian. After marriage the male will usually take measures to convert his
wife to Islam. The husband usually push hard to propagate Islam in regards to the
upbringing of their children. The children will be Muslims and are given Muslim/Arabic
names. Violence is usually a part of the picture. If unsuccessful then divorce is the usual
outcome.
3. Self imposed segregation through ghettofication. Ghettos develop into Muslim
enclaves. This ensures a minimal of “negative” influences from the infidels.
Economical Jihad (Economical warfare)
This varies from direct funding of other variants of Jihad to the ”collection of Jizya”
through economical theft of exploitation of non-Muslims.
This can be theft, piracy, human trafficking, slave trade of non-Muslim for the purpose of
benefiting financially from sexual exploitation, drug trafficking, drug dealing to non-
Muslims etc).
The common factor here is that all crime is directed against non-Muslims often with the
purpose of financing other variants of Jihad.
Jihadi economical crimes against non-Muslims for the sake of financing other variants of
Jihad. Very often the economical loss of the non-Muslim will be the goal in itself.
A majority of these criminals are not very intelligent or even practising Muslims.
Nevertheless, they have very often been given guidance or instructions by other Muslims
to ONLY target non-Muslims.
Examples of this type of activity ranges from petty theft aimed against non-Muslims all
over Europe to Somali piracy targeting non-Muslim ships.
Other objectives:
1. Take control of as much of the press, TV, radio and the Internet as possible by buying
the related corporations or a controlling stock.
2. Open numerous charities throughout Europe, but use the funds to support Islamic
terrorism with European funds.
PR and psychological Jihad
9/11, 7/7 London Bombings, Madrid bombings, Mumbai attack etc. The purpose of these
attacks is to act as PR for Salafi Islam and/or for propagating Jihad. The main purpose of
these attacks is to inflict psychological damage on the enemy and as a recruitment tool
to other variants of Jihad.
Other:
1. Send intimidating messages and messengers to the outspoken individuals who are
critical of Islam with the purpose of silencing them and any other who would dare.
2. Nullify Europe's sense of security by manipulating the intelligence community with
misinformation. Periodically terrorise Europeans with reports of impending attacks on
bridges, tunnels, water supplies, airports, apartment buildings and malls.
Armed (military) Jihad
These military campaigns often occur very discretely, often through the funding of Muslim
groups/leaders in various countries, with the primary goal of exterminating the non-
Muslims of that particular country through mass murder, deportation and acts of
genocide.
The current Jihad in Sudan is a very good example where 500 000 – 1 million non-
Muslims have been massacred the last few decades, funded by Saudi Arabia and other
Muslim nations/groups.
The purging of non-Muslims in the Sindh area (Currently Pakistan), Iraq, Jordan, Syria,
Northern Africa etc are other cases where non-Muslims have been systematically
exterminated through armed Jihad, pogroms etc.
Jihad through Dawah (invitation/missionary)
This ranges from peaceful invites to visit Islamic cultural centers to more aggressive
invitational campaigns directed against f example people of African decent in the prison
system.
1. Convert angry, alienated black inmates (and in some cases native Europeans) and turn
them into militants (so far 2,000 released inmates have joined al-Qaeda worldwide). Only
a few ''sleeper cells'' have been captured in Afghanistan and on American soil.
2. Reading, writing, arithmetic and research through the European educational system,
mosques and student centers (now 1,500) should be sprinkled with dislike of Jews,
Christians and democracy. There are currently more than 300 exclusively Muslim schools
in Western Europe which teach loyalty to the Ummah, not the national constitution. In
January of 2002, Saudi Arabia’s Embassy in Washington mailed 4,500 packets of the
Quran and videos promoting Islam to America's high schools – free of charge. Saudi
Arabia would not allow the U.S. to reciprocate. It is unknown how common this practise
is in Western Europe.
3. Raise interest in Islam on European school campuses by insisting that junior students
take at least one course on Islam.
Chemical Jihad (Chemical warfare)
Taliban using Heroin as Chemical Jihad against the West
However, this is not limited to the Taliban. A large majority of Muslim drug
traffickers/dealers all across Europe only sell to non-Muslims (this is very often
sanctioned by local Imams).
Making their subjects addicted to heroin is also a central factor when ”processing” non-
Muslim girls for sexual/financial exploitation. Systematic rape followed by injecting them
with drugs is the usual way to break them down making it easier to exploit them.
From
http://atlasshrugs2000.typepad.com/atlas_shrugs/2009/02/chemical-jihad-muslim-terror-gangs-target-uk-with-killer-
heroin.html
TERROR chiefs plan to flood our streets with heroin in a terrifying plot to wage “chemical
jihad” on Britain. And they have been using hate-filled Muslim gangs as their UK dealers.
Pakistani and Afghan-based al-Qaeda and Taliban warlords are sitting on a £6billion stash
of deadly heroin.
And they have ordered their dealers to sell it only to non-Muslims.
The ruthless racket is a two-pronged attack which peddles death and misery with heroin
while netting massive sums to pay for future terror attacks.
A senior security source told the Daily Star Sunday: “The Afghan poppy fields are
probably the biggest financial contributor to al-Qaeda and the Taliban.
“The UK’s heroin trade is increasing at an alarming rate and most of the cash helps arm
terrorists with bombs and guns.”
Between 1990 and 2005 Taliban-linked drug peddler Haji Baz Mohammed raked in a
staggering £17billion by pouring heroin into North America.
He told a US court that “selling heroin was a jihad because they were taking Americans’
money and the heroin was killing them”.
Now the fanatics have made the UK their top target. A whopping 30 tonnes of heroin is
being smuggled into Britain every year.
The drug is grown in the Afghan badlands and bought for £1,500 a kilo in neighbouring
Pakistan.
It’s finally sold on Britain’s streets, often in the backs of cabs or over kebab shop
counters, at between £30 and £50 a gram.
Asian [Muslim] gangs are operating in South London, Luton, Preston, Manchester, Leeds,
Oldham, Birmingham and Bradford.
Our investigators went on the hunt for heroin in Luton and did a deal in the back of a
taxi.
Pulling out a handful of wraps, the driver said: “I’ll sort you a fix for £10 but a gram’s
£50. It’s knockout gear.” Asked where the drugs came from he said: “Poppy fields
between Pakistan and Afghanistan.
“The big bosses have Taliban and al-Qaeda connections and we’re often told only to deal
it to non-Muslims. They call it chemical jihad and hope to ruin lives while getting massive
payouts at the same time.
“But there are lots of big-hitters who only sell to non-Muslims – to poison them.”
One of the Asian gangs is the so-called Gambino clan – a 100-strong mob named after
the notorious US crime family.
A 40-year-old small-time dealer turned Christian told us: “The Gambinos are the
Pakistani Muslim gang that control most of the drug trade in Luton – and they’ve all got
good connections to al-Qaeda.
“Heroin and crack are on sale 24 hours a day and they get local taxi drivers to drive the
gear around and do deals.
“It’s a massive business. They’re untouchable.”
Source:
http://doctorbulldog.wordpress.com/2009/02/23/taliban-using-heroin-as-chemical-jihad-weapon-against-the-west/
2.42 The Islamisation process in European countries
Background
The Islamic takeover of a country or a region of the country – is dependent on the
relative proportion of Muslims compared with non-Muslims, and/or the influence of
militant Muslims among the Muslim population. A higher proportion of Muslims among
the population - or the growth of the number of militants among Muslims (even though
Muslims constitute a smaller part of the population), drive the political development
along a certain path. A successful assimilation process may change that path but there
seems to be no definite examples yet of such a process.
We need theories that describe (later also explain) the political development in a country
with a growing Muslim minority (or a growing militancy among the Muslim population)
and which country doesn't carry out a strategy to oppose Islamisation. A preliminary
version of a theory (concentrating on parts of the conflict between political (traditional)
Islam and domestic non-Muslim forces) is presented below. On the basis of that
description of the political process, we then formulate (sect. 2) the structure of a
prescriptive theory (a policy model) that can cause this process to be stopped and
therefore avoided. In sect. 4.1-12, this model is then filled with contents, and an
integrated policy helping to preserve the traditional rights in a European country is
described in all its parts and details.
It is our hope that those detailed policy proposals regarding different areas of life in the
society will be thoroughly discussed by all interested bloggers at this forum. Perhaps a
majority view may form about the specific contents of the various individual policies
(each regarding a different area). The results will later serve as parts of a comprehensive
policy that can serve as an example for many political parties in Europe which - during
the coming decades - will find it necessary to formulate their policies regarding how to
preserve a free society.
By showing an extensive and detailed policy proposal, it may be possible to influence the
structure of that discussion and set the basic parameters for the debate in hundreds of
political parties, or organisations, in Europe.
The process and its phases
The basic development process seems to follow a pattern where eight phases can be
discerned. These phases are described below, but just briefly. Later a more extensive
description of them will be given. An underlying assumption is that a growing Muslim
minority allows radical Islamists to influence a growing part of the population in the
country. The contents of the traditional Islamic doctrine which is recognised by all four
schools of Islam to be the valid one (various interpretations differ - of course - between
them), seems to support the interpretations of the radical Islamists regarding many
matters. That is probably a main reason for the passivity and silence of the so called
"moderate" Muslims who don't have a comprehensive theoretical doctrine to lean upon.
Another reason may be that many, or most, "moderates" share the same goals as the
radical Islamists but just oppose some of their methods. Fear of reprisals can also be a
cause of their passivity. The radicals also have strong international support, including the
financial support.
On the basis of our empirical knowledge about the political development in Muslim
countries, the attitudes regarding many matters of Muslims in Europe and other pieces of
information e g their reactions during the first five years of the war on terror, a good
prognosis can be made. During the coming decades, numerous examples from Europe
will illuminate the different phases and their contents.
a. The starting point is a Western society with a normal development Social peace,
satisfactory economic growth, ordinary crime levels, and changes in government
depending on democratic elections. The number of Muslims in the population is very low,
and their influence on society negligible.
Current examples: Finland, Baltic states.
b. An initial phase when the proportion of Muslims is still fairly small, certain areas of
human life of the immigrant population are in practice left alone by the authorities. This
allows repression of girls and women in many Muslim families. Open or concealed honour
murders which enforce some behavioural rules of the Muslim minority happens now and
then. A high birth rate among Muslims and a high level of immigration from Muslim
countries is promoted inside the Muslim society.
Infrequent proposals aiming at establishing Sharia regarding various matters,
acknowledging Muslim holidays a s o are presented. Another characteristic is increasing
levels of crime motivated by attitudes often connected to jihad e g an increasing level of
rapes of non-Muslim women.
The incidence of rapes carried out by Muslim men in Norway against non-Muslim women
is many times higher than rapes by non-Muslim men. The rape frequency in e g Oslo per
capita is said to more than five times higher than in New York City. And two thirds of
these rapes are committed by immigrants even though they still constitute a rather small
part of society. This does not only reflect the dysfunctional relations between sexes in the
Muslim part of society but is also a sign of an early “light-version” example of the
influence of jihad thinking in the country. Charities, property crimes including credit card
crimes are used to collect money for global jihad.
Current examples: USA, Sweden, Norway, Denmark.
c. Preparations for jihad: Beginning of geographic no-go areas for the police and public
administration officials. Frequent physical attacks and even single infrequent murders of
policemen or persons opposing political Islam. Death threats against adversaries are
common. An increasing physical destruction of property by groups, influenced by the
radical imams and the jihadists.
Besides frequent proposals to introduce Sharia laws, we find established "private” Sharia
courts in certain areas judging matters of special interest to Muslims. Property crimes of
various types in order to finance the beginning of a domestic jihad movement.
Current examples: France; beginning in England, Netherlands, Sweden (Malmø).
d. Start of jihad: Murders of individual policemen or active anti-Muslims with a certain
frequency, which murders carry an evident political message. An organised countrywide
Islamist movement appears, and some mosques start to retreat from liberal versions of
Islam used as a deception during the initial stages ( 1-3). Establishment of definite no-go
areas where militants put taxes on corporations and individuals. Extortion of individuals
outside these areas.
Frequent use of unofficial (or now maybe even official) Sharia courts as a substitute for
ordinary courts, in the “liberated” areas. Militias start to form among non-Muslim groups
in society. Nationalistic non-jihad parties grow rapidly in importance in the political life.
The emigration of European citizens from the country increases significantly.
Current examples: Beginning in France.
e. Development of jihad: Frequent murders of policemen, teachers and well-known
individuals opposing political Islam. Physical fights between groups of Islamists and
policemen, and even occasional fire fights around and outside the borders of the
“liberated areas”. Militants start to openly show weapons and declare far-reaching
political goals e g taking over a region or the whole country. The liberal western versions
of Islam disappear completely at many mosques when it now is of less interest to
Islamists to deceive, and radicals put pressure on still moderate mosques.
Militias of non-Muslims groups grow in strength and start to take infrequent part in the
fighting. A growing physical separation between different religious groups in the society.
The level of emigration starts to become a national problem. Passive governments and
passive political parties are replaced by hard-line nationalistic parties.
Current example: South of Thailand
f. Jihad: Insurgency Use also of the state's military force against larger groups of
Islamists in regular military fights. A national Home Guard is organised to try to prevent
private militias to grow and take over the main responsibility of protecting domestic
citizens. Campaigns by the Islamic movement to convince media and the population of
their right to dominate certain areas of the country proclaimed to be Muslim. Constant
murders and kidnappings of opponents and well-known persons.
Coercion of Muslim young men to take part in jihad. Regular taxation of people in the
liberated areas and extortion against citizens outside those areas. Few Muslim groups
help the government, while some declare neutrality.
Current example: The Philippines
g. Jihad to Civil war. Large-scale military fights when the domestic forces fight the
Islamic movement's goal to dominate a geographic region, or the country. Militias and
the national Home Guard complement the army. Widespread executions, terror, cruelty,
mayhem and widespread destruction reign in urban areas. Definite separation between
Muslims and non-Muslims leads to large-scale movements of the population.
Neighbouring countries will help the European citizens in the specific country with – as a
last resort – armed assistance. Neighbours or NATO are in some cases asked by the
government of the country to intervene militarily to help in the fight.
Example: Lebanon during the seventies – end of eighties.
Victory for European forces (A), or victory for Islam (B)
(A) A possible end result of a civil war resulting in a victory for the domestic population
will be the total banishment of traditional Islam from a specific country. Widespread
emigration/deportation and large scale conversion of Muslims in the country.
(B) A victory for Islam will allow all the rules of a victorious Islam to be applied.
Traditional Islam will substitute for all liberal western versions of Islam that have grown
in the country but still lack any real theoretical basis and a real doctrine.
Massive and nationwide expropriations, slavery of conquered women, continued
slaughter of non-Christians and Christians known for opinions opposed to Islam and of
moderate Muslims who initially try to protect non-Muslims, murder of minorities’ e g
gays. A Muslim dictatorship without democracy similar to religious dictatorships in the
Middle East, is established.
The Sharia laws are the basis for a new constitution and the laws of the country. The
institution of dhimmitude is introduced and will regulate the life of Christians and Jews.
The rest of the population will slowly be eliminated. The GNP declines successively to less
than 50 % of its former level, and an insignificant growth happen only during good years.
A preliminary discussion of a few phases
If the governments of a European country during the coming decades show an
unwillingness to protect its European citizens from the inroads of Islamists, this attitude
will sooner or later lead to violent conflicts between the traditional or new political anti-
jihad forces, and the radical Islamic movement. It seems highly possible that the
development phases 2-3 may last a long time in societies with strong democratic
traditions, a good educational system and – from the beginning - a fairly homogenous
ethnic population. The infiltration and dissemination of political Islam's values among
non-Muslims and moderate Muslims will then during a long period be carried out mainly
with non-violent means. The methods of this missionary and pre-Revolutionary work
during phases 2-4 show a pattern which will be analysed later. That work is often
structured according to principles laid down by e g the Moslem Brotherhood for the
expansion of political Islam in European countries.
This growth of Islamic influence can be counteracted by certain laws and policies. The
acceptance of such laws and rules by the majority will probably in many countries be
dependant on how far a country has advanced towards violent conflict between the
population groups. Gullible socialists and anti-Western parties in a western country may
decide not to stop the slide down the slope toward more and more violence. They will
prevent employment of the firm methods which can stop the journey towards civil war.
But sooner or later - if the traditional parties will not protect the European population
against the continuous expansion of radical Islamic demands and actions - the European
population will shift their political preferences to nationalistic parties. It is a sign of real
weakness if traditional political parties are not able to handle the new danger correctly. If
they don't and new political forces get into power, protective measures will be realised in
those countries. The policy measures will eliminate the possibility of an un-integrated
Muslim population group to take over and dominate the country politically and religiously.
So it is not so much a question about if the measures in sect 2 and 4 will be adopted.
The main question is instead w h e n. Will a lot of civil strife - perhaps even an
insurgency - happen before definite measures are taken? Will a lot of valuable time, a
large number of lives, and huge amounts of wealth be wasted before today's politicians
understand what really is happening, or they are exchanged and correct measures are
taken?
The proposed policies will stop the development towards more and more influence for
traditional Islam and violence and – in the end – insurgency and perhaps civil war. They
will lead to Muslims integrating into the society with values that resist traditional - and
therefore political - Islam.
An exceptional case is that the phases 4-5 are more or less bypassed and Muslims are
allowed to grow to become a majority in a country. Feeling its new power, the new
government will then soon start to take away the freedoms and human rights of non-
Muslims. This breaks the bonds between the citizens of the country, and the original
population will defend its ancient values of freedom, and an insurgency and later a civil
war will ensue. However, the government will in this case be favourable towards radical
Islam, and the army will then be paralyzed. The European officer corps and the non-
commissioned officers have not yet been replaced. Non-Muslims will later according to
the rules of dhimmitude not be allowed to own weapons, or be part of the armed forces.
The fighting will be carried out by militias.
A calm and orderly transformation to dhimmitude for the non-Muslim part of the
population combined with widespread emigration of Europeans is improbable. So even in
these circumstances with a Muslim majority, civil war will erupt, and Muslims and non-
Muslims in different European countries will intervene and help each other.
Each one of the phases above deserves its own detailed description and analysis.
Source:
http://www.islam-watch.org/NoSharia/PreventEuropeIslamization1.htm
2.43 Islamisation process of Western countries from 1% to 100%
The constant process of the Islamisation of a country sets forward from small issues and
the specific demands/requirements develop and increase progressively with the increase
of Muslims percentage wise in a country. First batch of demands issues are noticeable
already when the Muslim population are at 1% increasing until they become 90 and then
100%
Historical case studies available are Lebanon, Kosovo, Kashmir, Egypt etc.
When the politically correct (cultural Marxists/multiculturalists) agree to 'the reasonable'
Muslim demands for their 'religious rights,' they also get the other components under the
table. Here's how it works (percentages source CIA: The World Fact Book (2007)).
From 1-5%
As long as the Muslim population remains around 1% of any given country they will be
regarded as a peace-loving minority and not as a threat to anyone. In fact, they may be
featured in articles and films, stereotyped for their colourful uniqueness:
At 2% and 3% they begin to proselytise from other ethnic minorities and disaffected
groups with major recruiting from the jails and among street gangs:
From 5-10%
From 5% on they exercise an inordinate influence in proportion to their percentage of
the population.
They will push for the introduction of halal (clean by Islamic standards) food, thereby
securing food preparation jobs for Muslims. They will increase pressure on supermarket
chains to feature it on their shelves -- along with threats for failure to comply. (United
States).
At this point, they will work to get the ruling government to allow them to rule
themselves under Sharia, the Islamic Law. The ultimate goal of Islam is not to convert
the world but to establish Sharia law over the entire world.
From 10-20%
When Muslims reach 10% of the population, they will increase lawlessness as a means of
complaint about their conditions ( Paris --car-burnings). Any non-Muslim action that
offends Islam will result in uprisings and threats (Amsterdam - Mohammed cartoons).
Guyana -- Muslim 10%
India -- Muslim 13.4%
Israel -- Muslim 16%
Kenya -- Muslim 10%
Russia -- Muslim 10-15%
After reaching 20% expect hair-trigger rioting, jihad militia formations, sporadic
killings and church and synagogue burning:
Ethiopia -- Muslim 32.8%
From 40-60%
At 40% you will find widespread massacres, chronic terror attacks and ongoing militia
warfare:
Bosnia -- Muslim 40%
Chad -- Muslim 53.1%
Lebanon -- Muslim 59.7%
From 60-80%
From 60% you may expect unfettered persecution of non-believers and other religions,
sporadic ethnic cleansing (genocide), use of Sharia Law as a weapon and Jizya, the tax
placed on infidels:
Albania -- Muslim 70%
Malaysia -- Muslim 60.4%
Qatar -- Muslim 77.5%
Sudan -- Muslim 70%
From 80-100%
After 80% expect State run ethnic cleansing and genocide:
Bangladesh -- Muslim 83%
Egypt -- Muslim 90%
Gaza -- Muslim 98.7%
Indonesia -- Muslim 86.1%
Iran -- Muslim 98%
Iraq -- Muslim 97%
Jordan -- Muslim 92%
Morocco -- Muslim 98.7%
Pakistan -- Muslim 97%
Palestine -- Muslim 99%
Syria -- Muslim 90%
Tajikistan -- Muslim 90%
Turkey -- Muslim 99.8%
United Arab Emirates -- Muslim 96%
100% will usher in the peace of 'Dar-es-Salaam' -- the Islamic House of Peace -- there's
supposed to be peace because everybody is a Muslim:
Afghanistan -- Muslim 100%
Saudi Arabia -- Muslim 100%
Somalia -- Muslim 100%
Yemen -- Muslim 99.9%
Of course, that's not the case. To satisfy their blood lust, Muslims then start killing each
other for a variety of reasons (Arabisation being one reason[1]).
'Before I was nine I had learned the basic canon of Arab life. It was me against my
brother; me and my brother against our father; my family against my cousins and the
clan; the clan against the tribe; and the tribe against the world and all of us against the
infidel. – Leon Uris, 'The Haj'
It is good to remember that in many, many countries, such as France, the Muslim
populations are centered around ghettos based on their ethnicity. Muslims do not
integrate into the community at large. Therefore, they exercise more power than their
national average would indicate.
100% All non-Muslims have been annihilated, emigrated from the country or have
converted to Islam.
Source:
http://frontpagemagazine.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=4DE15EF9-A76C-4DD4-81E2-75683AEED74D By Dr. Peter Hammond
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arabization
The definition of an Islamic no-go zone
Cultural Marxists will claim that there is no such thing as an Islamic no-go zone anywhere
in the world, perhaps except in Waziristan. This is of course propaganda as we know for a
fact that there are thousands of Islamic no-go zones all across Europe, in or close to our
major cities.
There are more than 800 Islamic no-go zones in France alone and more than 30 in
Norway. The number correlates with the proportion of Muslims in an area/ghetto/enclave.
And the number of Islamic no-go zones in Western European cities increases every single
day.
Definition:
2008.1. Where non-Muslim individuals (youth are especially
vulnerable) cannot move freely without immediate danger of getting
assaulted, robbed, raped, beaten, harassed (physically or
psychologically) by Muslim gangs or individuals.
2008.2. Where non-Muslims cannot express individuality in all free
forms (including religious, sexual, cultural) without immediate
danger of getting assaulted, robbed, raped, beaten, harassed
(physically or psychologically) by Muslim gangs or individuals.
2008.3. Where drunk, lightly dressed, non-Muslim girls/women
cannot move freely after dark without immediate danger of getting
assaulted, robbed, raped, beaten, harassed (physically or
psychologically) by Muslim gangs or individuals.
Islamisation or the creation of Islamic no-go zones is under development from the first
Muslim family moves into a neighbourhood. As soon as this very first family moves in, a
progressive dhimmitude begins for all non-Muslims as they, at first, out of politeness (or
due to PC) chose to show special considerations towards the Muslims (we wouldn’t want
them to feel offended in any way do we?). Considerations/politeness develops into
uncomfortable pressure to give the Muslims an increasing number of concessions. The
process of Islamisation starts with the demands for halal-food (1%) and ends in genocide
(at 50-80%), as several hundred historical examples have shown. You cannot reason
with Islam. Islam consumes everything eventually unless it is stopped in a decisive
manner. The process of Islamisation from 1% to 100% follows a classical and well known
pre-defined pattern as specified in another section of this book. Had this “first family”
been deported/chased away/killed the process of Islamisation and the creation of future
Islamic no-go zones can/could be avoided. Islamic demands lead to dhimmitude for the
non-Muslims. Dhimmitude ALWAYS lead to a point where non-Muslims surrender and
move out of the area or are systematically killed like we see with the
Christian/Jewish/Hindu/Buddhist minorities in Iraq, Iran, Turkey, Egypt, Bangladesh,
Indonesia and in more than 30 other countries/territories. The moral of the story is; you
cannot reason with Islam, you can only isolate it.
2.44 List of Muslim demands for Sharia in Europe
2001
If only the West stop criticising Islam, Muslims will not feel stigmatised and there will be no
more terror attacks.
2030
If only the UK, Greece, Switzerland and the Nordic countries remove the cross from their
flags, Muslims will not feel discriminated against and there will be no more terror attacks.
Realistic scenario? Likely
This is an overview of the current “demands/suggestions” made by moderate Muslims as
a way to prevent “stigmatisation and discrimination” which according to them are the
root causes of Islamic terror:
Sharia and Muslim Burial rituals
Muslims have for years demanded separate Muslim burial sites. In addition they want
Sharia compliant burial services.
- The body has to be buried within 24 hours
- Coffins are not allowed, the body must be buried in cloth.
- Cremation is forbidden
- Positioning the deceased so that the head is faced towards Mecca
There was a proposal to alter the name of Aldgate East underground station near Brick
Lane to Banglatown. Last year (2008), because of a shortage of cemetery space for
Muslims it was proposed by one Muslim councillor to relocate the graves in Tower
Hamlets Cemetery elsewhere in order to construct a ”multi-faith burial site” – a Muslim
burial site.
Why did the graves need to be dug up? Because dead Muslims cannot be buried
alongside Christians and other infidels. There are some relatives of those buried in that
cemetery still living. The dead include victims of the famous Bethnal Green tube disaster
of 1943.
Sharia and Public pools[1]
Includes reserving the pools to women, female lifeguards, swimming hijabs[1] and to
secure the area so that no men has access. In many cases this will include covering up
any underwater windows while there is a Muslim swimming session.
Results:
There are currently hundreds of arrangements like these all over Europe.
Sharia car insurance[2] (Halal insurance – known as “takaful”)
Results:
Slowly popping up in European major cities.
Sharia compliant food[3] (Halal food)
Halal meat has been a known phenomenon in Europe for decades. However, some
McDonald’s outlets now serve halal chicken, while larger branches of Tesco offer a range
of halal foods, including halal chocolate, halal cheese and halal candy.[1] So far, it has
targeted the Muslim community through Islamic publications and on billboards.
Chief executive Bradley Brandon-Cross of Tesco said: ‘It is the responsibility of British
institutions to cater for such changes and welcome diversity.’
Sharia compliant food is also served in many prisons and offered by several air lines.
Sharia-compliant Gold Mastercard[4]
The Cordoba Gold MasterCard does not charge or receive interest as this is in direct
conflict with Sharia Law. The company also donates at least 10% of its profits to
“charities” in the UK and abroad. It is supported by a board of ethical advisor's, some
being mullahs.
Sharia compliant Banks[5]
The UK's Muslim population totals about two million and fully sharia-compliant banks
have more than 30,000 customers across the UK.
Sharia compliant Mortgages[6]
Under Islamic law (Sharia) the payment or receipt of interest (riba) is forbidden. Interest
is seen as a payment that is unrelated to the value of the goods or assets being traded,
and is considered sinful.
There are tens of Sharia banks across Europe today.
Sharia crime courts in Europe[7]
Sharia law "courts" are already dealing with crime on the streets of major European
cities.
One example illustrates the following:
A teenage stabbing case among the Somali community in Woolwich had been dealt with
by a sharia "trial". Youth worker Aydarus Yusuf, 29, who was involved in setting up the
hearing, said a group of Somali youths were arrested by police on suspicion of stabbing
another Somali teenager. The victim's family told officers the matter would be settled out
of court and the suspects were released on bail. A hearing was convened and elders
ordered the assailants to compensate the victim.
"All their uncles and their fathers were there," said Mr Yusuf. "So they all put something
towards that and apologised for the wrongdoing."
An Islamic Council in Leyton also revealed that it had dealt with more than 7,000
divorces while sharia courts in the capital have settled hundreds of financial disputes.
Along with the Islamic Council in Leyton, there are reports of at least two other sharia
courts sitting in London. There are also courts in a number of other areas of the country
with high Muslim populations, including Dewsbury in West Yorkshire, Birmingham and
Rotherham, South Yorkshire. Most are understood to concentrate on divorce cases -
although such judgments are not recognised in British law - as well as financial disputes.
Suhaib Hasan, a spokesman for the Islamic Sharia Council in Leyton, which was set up in
1982, said that he and his colleagues dealt with more than 200 cases a year, ranging
from inheritance to marriage and divorce. "From the beginning, people have wanted our
services. More and more come back to us. Each month we deal with 20 cases," he said.
As well as giving advice on legal matters, such as inheritance, the website also gives
general guidance on Muslim practices including the need for beards and the need for
women to cover themselves in public. It also covers issues such as whether women
should train as doctors.
Sources:
1. http://www.thechronicleherald.ca/Front/1073661.html
http://misskelly.typepad.com/photos/uncategorized/muslim_swimsuit.jpg
2. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1045959/Sharia-car-insurance-For-time-Muslims-buy-policies-line-Islamic-law.html
3. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1045959/Sharia-car-insurance-For-time-Muslims-buy-policies-line-Islamic-law.html
4. http://www.asianimage.co.uk/display.var.2422427.0.shariacompliant_card_launched.php
5. http://www.asianimage.co.uk/display.var.2422427.0.shariacompliant_card_launched.php
6. http://www.mortgagesorter.co.uk/islamic_mortgages.html
7. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-513020/The-British-sharia-crime-court-cafe-knifemen-walk-free.html
2.45 Saudi Arabia – The serpents head
Saudi Arabia has a history of funding terrorists. It was the chief bankroller of the
Palestine Liberation Organisation in the 1970s and '80s at the height of the PLO's
involvement in global terror. But it would be true to say that, worldwide, the Saudis tend
to fund the precursors to terror rather than terror itself. Since the 9/11 attacks in the US,
in which the majority of hijackers were Saudis, the Saudi Government, under intense US
pressure, has tried to exercise greater care and control over where Saudi money goes.
According to official Saudi information, Saudi funds have been used to build and maintain
over 1,500 mosques, 202 colleges, 210 Islamic Centers (2007 figures) wholly or partly
financed by Saudi Arabia, and almost 2,000 schools for educating Muslim children in non-
Islamic countries in Europe, North and South America, Australia and Asia.
The Kingdom has fully or partially financed Wahhabi Islamic Centers in:
- Austria
- Great Britain
- France
- Spain
- Italy
- Germany
- Netherlands
- Belgium
- Sweden
- Denmark
- Norway
- Switzerland
- Russia
- US
- Australia
and even in some Muslim countries such as Turkey, Morocco, Indonesia, Malaysia and
Djibuti among others.
Its also quite usual that Saudi embassies pay an annual stipend to local Wahabi imams in
the range of around 1 000-40 000 USD, depending on which country and region. Saudi
aid to Muslims abroad, however, comes with strings attached, and most of the recipient
institutions end up promoting the Wahhabi version of Islam.
It is a well known fact that Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries have continued spread
Wahabism and other harsh forms of Salafism around the world the last 35 years. Saudi
Arabia alone have spent more than 87 billion USD abroad the past two decades
propagating Wahabism - “true Islam” in the Muslim world and in the West[15]. The bulk
of this funding goes to the construction and operating expenses of thousands of
mosques, madrassas and Muslim cultural centers throughout the world. These Islamic
institutions are now found in every single country in the West accompanied by Imams
who are “Saudi approved”.
In the Arab world, in South Asia and in Far East Asia, Islamic workers and Islamic
institutions have received aid from Saudi sources (usually private individuals and
foundations) that have slowly embedded Wahhabism in many Muslim societies.
Before we continue on the Saudi topic, however, let’s try to define certain principles and
definitions;
There are four “Schools of Law” in Islam: Hanafi, Shafi’I, Maliki and Hanbali. A majority
of the Wahhabists and other Salafists belong to the Hanbali school.
The Western establishment and the so called “Western moderate Muslims” have chosen
to label the Saudi version of “traditional Islam” as Wahhabism, Sunni theofascism or
Conservative Salafism. The ideology of al-Qaeda can be called Salafi-Jihadi (al-Salafiyya
al-jihadiyya) or Jihadi Salafism. However, the so called Wahhabis themselves and other
conservative followers of the Salafi school of Islam object to this definition and rather
prefer to be called Muwahiddun (Muwahidoon).
Wahhabism or Wahabism is a fundamentalist reinterpretation of Islam by Muhammad ibn
Abd-al-Wahhab, an 18th century scholar from what is today known as Saudi Arabia, who
advocated what he considered a return to the practices of the first three generations of
Islamic history. In short; Wahhabist books and pamphlets teach that Muslims should
reject absolutely any non-Muslim ideas and practices, including political ones. In its
harshest form it preached that Muslims should not only "always oppose" infidels "in every
way," but "hate them for their religion ... for Allah's sake," and that democracy "is
responsible for all the horrible wars of the 20th century.[1]
Wahhabism is the dominant form of Islam in Saudi Arabia, and is also popular in Kuwait,
United Arab Emirates and several other areas and regions of the world. It is often
referred to as a "sect" or "branch" of Islam, though both its supporters and many of its
opponents reject such designations. It has developed considerable influence in the
Muslim world and the West through the funding of mosques, schools and other means
from Persian Gulf oil wealth.
The terms "Wahhabism" and "Salafism" are often used interchangeably. Wahhabism has
been called a "belittling" term for Salafi, while another source defines it as "a particular
orientation within Salafism," an orientation some consider ultra-conservative.[2]
While the origins of Wahhabism and Salafism were quite distinct - Wahhabism was a
pared-down Islam that rejected modern influences, while Salafism was slightly more
flexible on the issue - they both shared a rejection of moderate teachings on Islam in
favour of direct, ‘traditional’ interpretations. But despite their beginnings "as two distinct
movements", the migration of Muslim Brotherhood members from Egypt to Saudi Arabia
and Saudi King Faisal's "embrace of Salafi pan-Islamism resulted in cross-pollination
between ibn Abd al-Wahhab’s teachings on tawhid, shirk and bid‘ah and Salafi
interpretations of ahadith (the sayings of Muhammad)."
Salafism differs from the earlier contemporary Islamic revival movements of the 1970s
and 1980s commonly referred to as Islamism, in that (at least many) Salafis reject not
only Western ideologies such as Socialism and Capitalism, but also common Western
concepts like economics, constitutions, political parties, revolution and social justice.
Muslims should not engage in Western activities like politics, "even by giving them an
Islamic slant." Instead, Muslims should stick to traditional activities, particularly
Dawah(missionary activity)[3]. Salafis promote Sharia rather than an Islamic political
program or state.
From the perspective of the Salafis themselves, their history starts with Prophet
Muhammad himself. They consider themselves direct followers of his teachings, and wish
to emulate the piety of the first three generations of Islam (the Salaf). All later scholars
are merely revivers (not 'founders'). Modern scholars may only come to teach (or
remind) us of the instructions of the original followers of Islam. From the perspective of
some others, however, the history of Salafism started a few hundred years ago, the exact
time and place still being a matter of discussion.
Some Salafis believe that violent jihad is permissible against foreign, non-Muslim,
occupation, but not against governments that claim to be Islamic. Those governments are
to be reformed, not violently overthrown. Civil war (fitna) is to be avoided. (Salman al-
Auda)
Other Salafis believe that it is permissible, even required, for believers to engage in violent
jihad to overthrow oppressive regimes, even if they claim to be Islamic. One of the
strongest proponents for violence was Sayyed Qutb, an Egyptian member of the Muslim
Brotherhood. After the Egyptian Brotherhood assassinated the Egyptian leader, the
Brotherhood was suppressed and Qutb went to jail.
Some Salafis urge believers to support or endure the state under which they live. Believers
are encouraged to spread Salafism non-violently, by missionary activity, social work, and
political organisation. Above all, they should help each other lead lives of true Islamic piety.
(Rabe' al-Madkhali)
In recent years attention has been given to the "jihadi" Salafism of Al-Qaeda, and related
groups calling for the killing of civilians, and opposed by many Muslim groups and
governments, including the Saudi government and Muslim Brotherhood. Debate
continues today over the appropriate method of reform, ranging from violent "Salafism
jihadism" to less politicised evangelism. Despite some similarities, the different
contemporary self-proclaimed Salafist groups often strongly disapprove of each other and
deny the others Salafi character. Typically, the so called Wahhabis and Salafis refer to
themselves as "Muwahiddun (Muwahidoon)" or followers of "Ahle Hadith," or "Ahl at-
Tawheed."
It’s a myriad of definitions which can be quite confusing to the average person. The
important thing however is to be aware of how the Islamic apologists try to manipulate
western politicians and media in order to “downplay” the extensiveness that
Salafism/traditional Islam has in the world.
Informal networks and salafi activism
In order to understand the role played by Salafism in the process of radicalisation of
Muslim communities and how this process operates in Europe, one must first examine its
characteristics as a movement in the Arab world. In contrast to other formal
organisations, Salafism lacks hierarchical structures. The Salafi network structure is
decentralised and segmented. The different groups are led by sheikhs or scholars with
varying degrees of knowledge of the science of the hadiths, but not necessarily having
ties with each other. There is also some element of competition between the sheikhs,
each defending his interpretation of the Salaf, or true path, as the correct one. The most
important scholars enjoy considerable support among students, who often recommend
them to others on account of their vast knowledge of religious issues. There exists only
an informal hierarchy based on the reputation of the different sheikhs recognised by the
Salafi community. The proliferation of sheikhs means that there is no elite or clearly-
defined leadership. This decentralised and cellular structure, in which anyone with
religious knowledge can claim leadership of a group, explains how easy it has been in
Europe to create groups or autonomous cells willing to blow themselves up without the
need for direct orders from a higher authority.
Salafi activism operates through informal networks, the very same networks that have
ensured the transmission of Islamic knowledge down the centuries and have proven
extremely effective in creating a common Muslim identity. They mobilise in social
networks created out of personal relationships and shared beliefs. Surveys of Jordanian
Salafis reveal that friends played a crucial role in their conversion to Salafism. The
recruitment process is carried out directly during discussions on Islam. Devout Muslims
socialise in circles of friends for whom Islam plays an important role in their lives.
Religion is a recurring theme in such circles. Through daily interaction, Salafis explain
their theology to their friends until the latter are convinced of the truth of their
perspective. In many cases, entire groups of friends convert to Salafism, given that all of
them are exposed to the same lessons, speeches, and ideas. The blend of friendship and
religious networks creates a high degree of group solidarity, which is still one of the main
features of Salafi groups in Europe, enabling the network to survive close scrutiny by
intelligence and security services in western countries.
Islamic apologists and Wahhabism
According to the apologists the “evil and fundamentalist little sect of Islam” - Wahhabism
is isolated and only found in Saudi Arabia and practiced by al-Qaeda and the Taliban. The
truth however is that various versions of Salafism (Jihadi Salafism being the most
extreme) is an important factor in every single Muslim country.
Wahhabism is the dominant form of Islam in Saudi Arabia, and is also popular in Kuwait
and the United Arab Emirates. Wahhabism is also found in several parts of Somalia,
Algeria and Mauritania.
A strict version of Salafism (Ahle Hadith) is found in several Middle Eastern countries and
South Asia, in particular, Pakistan and India.
Other forms of Salafism are quite dominant in Palestine, Syria and Jordan. It is also
found in most other Muslim-majority countries, including Turkey, Bosnia and Kosovo.
2.46 How many Muslims worldwide support militant Islam or Jihadi Salafism?
This is in fact a very complicated question with many facets. First of all you have to
consider the fact that there is a big difference between active support, sympathising and
empathising with this cause. You also have to realise that an armed Jihad (armed
struggle) always have specific goals. The Jihadists in Dagestan, Chechnya, Southern
Thailand, Southern Philippines, Syria (Palestine) etc. all want to create Islamic states and
implement Sharia. In order to reach this objective they must wage war and defeat the
infidels (non-Muslims). However, al-Qaeda and Jihadists in the West have other
objectives. They acknowledge the fact that Islam is still very weak in Europe, so an
armed Jihad in the streets of European capitals is not advised at this point. Islam and the
number of Muslims need to grow a few more generations. Al-Qaeda therefore seek to
silence the Western media and Western politicians by creating fear in our hearts in order
to force them to capitulate to radical Islam. The so called Moderate Muslims are playing
“good cop” in this context. They will blame poverty, modern colonialism (Israel, Iraq, and
Afghanistan), discrimination, stigmatisation and other root causes as the reasons for the
rise of Jihadi Salafism. They will ask for concessions from European politicians and media
in order to “prevent” radical Islam.
According to Daniel Pipes[11], approximately 10-15% of Muslims around the world
actively support militant Islamists (usually economic support to Hamas, Hezbollah,
Islamic Jihad, al-Qaeda or other terrorist organisations). Since there are more than 1,2
billion Muslims worldwide that totals 120-180 million. These Muslims are spread all over
the world and are either militants themselves or direct supporters of militant Islamists.
The passive support is much higher. Some polls show that around 60-65% of Muslims
support “Islamic Jihad” and similar Middle Eastern terrorist organisations. 36% of
Pakistanis believe that the Pakistani army should not pursue al-Qaeda in Pakistan[12].
Sympathy or direct support to Jihadi Salafism is not by any means reserved to Salafi
Muslims (Wahhabists or other Salafi groups). Muslims from all schools of Islam
sympathise and support militant Jihadists.
Nearly all Pakistani Sunni Muslims belong to the Hanafi school of Islam. The Hanafi school
is the oldest one and most liberal and tolerant of the four schools. It is also the largest
movement within Islam with around 30% followers worldwide. So does that mean that
the Hanafi Muslims are peaceful, moderate Muslims? Unfortunately its a lot more
complex than this. All Schools of Law are quite intolerant (Hanbali being the most
intolerant). As an illustration; All schools of Islam preach death to homosexuals and
apostates (converts from Islam) and pledge the ultimate goal of implementing Sharia in
society.
Hanafi being the dominant form of Islam in both Pakistan and Europe would indicate that
they were more moderate and tolerant than other Muslims, yet, Muslims from Pakistan
are well known for their conservativism and intolerance. There are tens of Genocides and
hundreds of mass murders (see pogroms) recorded in history committed by hanafi
Muslims. There are thousands of examples of Jihadi killings committed by hanafi Muslims
throughout history and this trend continues even today. It is the largest one and it is
followed by approximately 30 percent of Muslims worldwide. The Hanafi School is
predominant in Turkey, northern Egypt, Levant, and amongst the Muslim communities of
the Balkans, Central and South Asia, China, Russia and Ukraine. In other words the
Genocide of more than 1,5 million Christian Armenians, the Greek and Assyrian
Genocides were also acts of so called moderate “Hanafi” Islam.
2.47 Europe's Wahhabi Lobby
Extremists get together to worry about intolerance.
by Stephen Schwartz - 10/06/2005, Warsaw
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN something would be out of kilter. At the end of September, the
Organisation for Security and Cooperation (OSCE), an international body made up of 55
nations--including such dictatorships as nearby Belarus--called for a day-long roundtable
in the lovely and spiritual city of Warsaw. The topic was "Intolerance and Discrimination
Against Muslims." Aside from OSCE diplomats, staff, and two representatives of the U.S.
Commission for International Religious Freedom, the participants consisted of some 25
representatives of Muslim NGOs as well as European and North American human rights
monitors.
I should have known something was amiss because I have witnessed much OSCE
mischief since going to postwar Bosnia-Herzegovina and Kosovo in the late 1990s. And
don't forget that OSCE was the international organisation with the nerve to propose that
it "observe" the most recent U.S. presidential election for presumptive irregularities. But
it has an especially bad record in the Balkans, as has been pointed out in The Weekly
Standard.
The OSCE is, to put it bluntly, political correctness personified. Its agenda for combating
intolerance and discrimination includes everyone from prostitutes to victims of schoolyard
bullying. But it was obvious that the status of Islam in Europe, which has lately involved
bloodshed in several countries, is viewed by OSCEcrats as an intractable challenge. The
do-gooders had no apparent choice but to relegate the roundtable on Muslims to a place
outside the regular agenda of a weeklong "human dimension" assembly in Warsaw, and
to hold the Muslim gathering in the basement of a hotel.
Reliable sources reported that the OSCE's Warsaw conference on Islam came as a trade-
off for a conference on anti-Semitism held in Córdoba, Spain, earlier this year. It was
soon made clear that the event would serve as little more than a platform for ranters and
cranks from such countries as Britain and Denmark who were there to defend radical
Islam. It turns out that proponents of Islamist extremism over there are even more
aggressive, defiant, and confrontational than their American counterparts.
Thus, a religious functionary from Britain, Imam Dr. Abduljalil Sajid of the grandly (and,
it appears, falsely) titled Muslim Council for Religious and Racial Harmony, used up much
of the morning's discussion with loud denunciations of Tony Blair for his alleged assault
on civil rights in the wake of "7/7." Before that this religious leader, when asked which
school of Islamic law, or madhdhab, he followed, said, "I shoot all madhdhabs."
Imam Sajid regaled the audience with the many times he had confronted Blair, insisting
to the British prime minister that Islam and terrorism are completely unconnected from
one another. He also offered up a diatribe against internment at Guantanamo. In the
minds of many Muslims at the event, it seemed, the London bombings and the attacks
that preceded them, as well as the radical ideology that inspired them, are irrelevant; the
only thing that matters is to push back against the legal response of the British, U.S., and
other European authorities.
THE PHRASE "the Fight Against Extremism" was included on the agenda of the meeting,
but not one word was said about it until the very end, when Turkish diplomat Omur
Orhun let his voice sink to a near-whisper. He affirmed, in closing the deliberations, that
the problem of extremism would eventually have to be taken up, "because that is what
brought us all here." But to listen to many of the other participants one might have
thought fear of Muslims among non-Muslims in Europe was a purely gratuitous
expression of bias, or, as Nuzhat Jafri of the Canadian Council of Muslim Women put it, a
product of "U.S. foreign policy decisions."
When I pointed out to her that Saudi-financed Wahhabi terrorists have struck Turkey, a
country that opposed U.S. policy in Iraq, as well as Morocco and Indonesia, which have
nothing to do with Washington's policies, Ms. Jafri limited herself to the admission that
additional "root causes" exist; these she left undescribed.
Others were less restrained. Scandinavian countries seem to have experienced a
particular incapacity to exclude Muslim extremists from their territories. Bashy Quraishy,
a man who disclaims being religious, averring that he is not a practicing Muslim, seems
to have adopted the defence of radical Islam as a career move, and is a self-proclaimed
functionary of the "Federation of Ethnic Minority Organisations in Denmark." Although he
admits his irreligion and distance from Islam, Quraishy has no compunctions about
presenting himself as an expert on it.
Quraishy did his best to hog the proceedings. While Imam Sajid asserted the lack of any
link between Islam and terror, Quraishy demanded that global media be prevented from
even suggesting such a thing. His printed handouts, piled up on a side table, were
hallucinatory in tone. To him, "America Under Attack"--a CNN caption after September
11, 2001--was offensively prejudiced. In addition, Quraishy's handouts insisted, "there
was no proof, no one took responsibility, and not one particular country or group was
singled out" for blame in the World Trade Center and Pentagon attacks. There was
nothing more than "finger pointing" at Islam.
Quraishy also recycled the late Jude Wanniski's attacks on Richard Perle as the evil
controller of "uncritical and nationalistic journalism and intentional use of anti-Islam
terminology as a tool of propaganda." Quraishy reproduced the clichés employed by al
Qaeda and its supporters: the "Crusades are back," and Saddam in Iraq was nothing but
a "tiny dictator." Quraishy's pamphlets even asserted that "fundamentalist," "ghetto," and
"ethnic gangs" are hate terms and should not be used in any media.
The rest of the palaver was less fervid, but equally absurd. Canadian Muslims complained
about the effect of the U.S. Patriot Act on their country. As the afternoon wore on,
phrases such as "so-called terrorists" were increasingly heard. Brit Mohammed Aziz, of
Faithwise, declared that members of his community are "first responsible to God . . . then
to the umma," or global Islam, and only lastly to the country in which they live.
All of this came about three months after the horror in London. The meeting ended with
nothing more than an agreement to hold more meetings. The OSCE it seems, like much
of Europe, has few answers for the challenge of radical Islam--aside from their pieties
about discrimination.
Stephen Schwartz is a frequent contributor to The Weekly Standard.
Source:
http://www.weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/000/000/006/174gxfos.asp
2.48 Leaving Islam – interview with an ex-Muslim
By Mohammad Asghar/Jamie Glazov
Frontpage Interview’s guest today is Mohammad Asghar, an ex-Muslim who came out of
Islam after discovering its true teachings. Together with studying the Qur’an for over
twenty-five years, he has also been writing his commentary on its verses - an endeavor,
he hopes, that will help non-Muslim leaders, as well as ordinary citizens, understand the
true messages they convey to Muslims.
FP: Mohammad Asghar, welcome to Frontpage Interview.
Asghar: Thank you for inviting me to the Frontpage interview.
FP: Tell us about your background and your upbringing as a Muslim.
Asghar: I was born in a practicing Muslim family of Bangladesh. My parents adhered to
almost all the tenets of Islam and they made sure that while growing up, I also learned
all of them so that I could practice them in my own life. Like many other Muslim children
of my neighbourhood, I also attended a Madrassa and learned how to read the Qur’an
without, of course, understanding what I was reading.
In my youth, I tried to live the life of a true Muslim. I said my Islamically mandated
prayers, though not on a regular basis; visited, and prayed at, the tombs of the Muslim
saints; celebrated the birthday of the Prophet of Islam, even though nobody knows even
today the year of his birth; celebrated his ascension to the Gardens (Jannat) or Heaven
and sang his praises, laden with amorous feelings towards him, whenever my parents
and our neighbours organised Mehfil-e-Milad – which is a gathering that Muslims of the
Indian sub-continent arrange to reinforce Islamic teachings in the Muslim attendees. I
strongly believed that the things I was then doing were part of the duties I owed to Allah
and His Prophet and that without pleasing both of them, I would not enter the Garden on
the Day of Judgment.
FP: What is the point of teaching children to read the Qur’an without explaining it to
them?
Asghar: According to some unconfirmed reports, there are over 1.565 billion Muslims in
the world today. Out of these Muslims, only about 300 million understand and speak
Arabic. Since a good part of the Qur’an is written in colloquial Arabic, spoken by the tribe
of Quraish of the 7th century Mecca, understanding it even by many modern-day Arabic
speaking Muslims is not an easy task.
The bulk of the remaining 1.2 billion Muslims live in the Indian sub-continent and south-
east Asia. Almost all of them do not know Arabic. Even those people, known as Hafez-e-
Qur’an, who commit the whole Qur’an to their memory, do not understand the meaning
of the words they so assiduously memorise over a long period of time.
This being the reality, the question is why do Muslims read or memorise the Qur’an
without understanding it? The answer to the question lies in the fact that most of them,
especially those Muslims who live in the non-Arabic speaking countries, depend on their
Mullahs for learning the essential doctrines and practices of their faith. They do what they
are told by their Mullahs. This is more so in case of those Muslims who are illiterate and
poor. A casual observation of Muslims of the Indian sub-continent will make this fact clear
to any interested observer.
These Mullahs tell the ordinary Muslims that reading or reciting the Qur’an in Arabic is
the easiest way to earn the pleasure of Allah, a condition without fulfilling which, no
human or Jinn would enter the Garden (Jannat in Arabic) on the Day of Judgment. This
leads not only the illiterate and poor Muslims, but also the highly educated and rich
Muslims to read the Qur’an in Arabic without trying to understand what they are reading
or reciting in their prayer. These Muslims, in their turn, require their children to read and
also memorise a few short chapters of the Qur’an that they need to recite while saying
their daily obligatory prayers.
FP: This is mind-boggling: people engaging in a religion by repeating things they do not
themselves understand.
So what made you start questioning the Islamic faith?
Asghar: About 25 years ago, I got the jolt of my life when a Maulvi (Muslim cleric)
refused to let me lay the dead body of my mother to rest, as, according to him, the dress
I was wearing at the time, was not an Islamic one. This dress is known as Lungi to the
Bangladeshis, and it resembles the one the Malaysian and the Burmese men wear all the
time (unlike the trouser, its lower part is wide open, and as such, one can see the
wearer’s private parts, if one deigns to look upward from the earth).
FP: Why do people wear the Lungi and why would a person want to keep one’s private
parts exposed? Why were you wearing it?
Aghar: Lungi, like Saree for women, is a traditional dress and it is worn by almost all the
men of Bangladesh. With it, they cover the lower part of their bodies. Since the lungi’s
bottom part remains wide open, many Muslim Mullahs believe that it should not be worn
by Muslim men, as, through its opening, the earth can see their private parts. According
to them, exposing oneself to the earth is a great sin.
But I have not heard any Mullah saying the same thing about Saree. It is a long piece of
cloth, which women wrap around their waists; its bottom part, like lungi, remaining open.
The earth can easily see their private parts, if it wishes to do so, but surprisingly, the
Mullahs freely let their wives wear it for reasons that only they know.
FP: Um, right. Well, what can I say, perhaps we’ll save this topic for a panel discussion.
So in any case, what effect did the Lungi incident have on you?
Aghar: It led me to find out what Islam really stands for, and what the Qur’an actually
teaches its followers. I began to read the Qur’an in English, translated by Abdullah Yusuf
Ali and Mohammad Marmaduke Pickthall, as well as its translations in Bengali and Urdu.
This I did in order to make sure that what I was reading in English was identical with the
Bengali and Urdu translations and that these represented the correct and faithful
renditions of the Arabic Qur’an.
What I read in, and discovered from, the Qur’an was, and still remains, mind-boggling to
me. I could not believe that Allah, if He exists, could have said things that He is believed
to have told Muhammad and his followers. I could not believe, for instance, that the
Creator of the Universe could have told the Muslim men the following:
2:223: “Your wives are as a tilth unto you: so approach your tilth when or how ye will: but
do some good act for your souls beforehand; and fear Allah, and know that ye are to meet
Him (in the Hereafter) and give (these) good tidings to those who believe.”
By telling the Muslim men that they can engage their wives in sexual acts “when or how
ye will,” Allah effectively permitted them to rape their wives, for this verse of the Qur’an
does not require them either to obtain their wives’ consent, or to engage themselves in
foreplays, without which, both men and women can hardly have what is known as
consensual sex. To Allah, Muslim men doing “some good act for their souls beforehand”
i.e. saying prayer to Him before raping their wives is what He considered to be a pious
act that will help Him exonerate them from the crime of rape on the Day of Judgment.
FP: In terms of 2:223 in regards to the sanctioning for a man raping his wife, if God does
not instruct this, then where did this come from? Who created these verses and why?
Aghar: In my judgment, the Qur’an is a record of what the Prophet of Islam had done or
said during his stay on earth. His followers remembered and narrated them to the
collectors of the Qur’an when it was being compiled. Therefore, the content of verse
2:223 should be considered in conjunction with what he had done in his lifetime and
what he had told his followers on the issue mentioned in it.
In a storied Hadith (words of Muhammad), we read:
Sahih Muslim, Book 008, Number 3240:
“Jabir reported that Allah's Messenger (may peace be upon him) saw a woman, and so he
came to his wife, Zainab, as she was tanning a leather and had sexual intercourse with her.
He then went to his Companions and told them: The woman advances and retires in the
shape of a devil, so when one of you sees a woman, he should come to his wife, for that
will repel what he feels in his heart.”
What the Prophet had done to his unprepared wife is exactly what is stated in the above
verse i.e. Muslim men can have sex with their women with no notice to them, and they
can also rape them, if it makes them happy.
FP: So you left Islam?
Asghar: Yes. I am an ex-Muslim. I no more subscribe to the teachings and the doctrines
of Islam, as I consider them to be obnoxious and, thus, unfit for good humans.
FP: How did your family and community react to you leaving Islam? Has your life been in
danger?
Asghar: I told my family members what I found in the Qur’an and they agreed with me.
But it was a different story with the community I was living in; to it, I was a pariah. Most
of my friends and acquaintances stopped talking to me, fearing that the information I
was trying to disseminate was going to take them out of their religion, while others
issued veiled threat against my person. Realising that I might be harmed, if I continued
to live in the country of my birth and talk about the fallacies of Islam, I, along with my
family members, migrated to the United States.
Here I feel safe, even though I have already received a couple of threats against my life.
The Justice Department of my adoptive country has assured me of all help, should I feel
that my life is at risk. My family members and I are obliged to it for standing by our side.
FP: Your thoughts on Islam’s impact on Muslims and on non-Muslims?
Asghar: Muslims themselves are the victims of Islam. Many of them have knowingly
become its victims, whilst a vast majority of them have fallen into its trap without
knowing anything about its true nature and teachings. Islam has turned them into
robots; most Muslims do only what, they believe, Allah told them to do. This is evident
from the fact that most, if not all, Muslims do nothing in their lives without first saying
“Bismillah …” i.e. beginning everything in Allah’s name, without whose help, so they
believe, they can achieve nothing in their lives.
Since Allah has asked the Muslims to believe in the Unseen and to remain steadfast in
their prayer (the Qur’an; 2:2), most of them spend a colossal amount of their valuable
time on prayer to Him. Believing that mustering the teachings of the Qur’an is what they
needed in their lives, they helped produce in the past, and are still helping produce, a
large number of Islamic clerics, instead of good scientists and scholars of other subjects
that are essential for the good, and the survival, of mankind. The following statistics
throws a light on the state of the ‘man-given knowledge’ in the Muslim world:
There are 57 member-countries of the Organisation of Islamic Conference (OIC), and all
of them put together have around 500 universities; one university for every three million
Muslims. The United States has 5,758 universities and India has 8,407. In 2004,
Shanghai Jiao Tong University compiled an 'Academic Ranking of World Universities, and
intriguingly, not one university from the Muslim-majority states was in the top-500.
This clearly tells us that the Muslims lack in education; this being the result of their
Islamic beliefs, as a consequence of which, over the past 105 years, only three Nobel
Prizes have been won by about 1.4 billion Muslims (other than the Peace Prizes), while
approximately 14 million Jews have won 180 Nobel Prizes during the same period.
FP: What is behind this teaching about keeping everyone praying all the time? If this
isn’t God wanting it, and let us suppose this is man-made, what was the intention here?
Why teach this kind of stuff?
Aghar: Before the advent of Islam, the Pagans of the Arabian Peninsula prayed three
times each day; about sunrise, at noon and about sunset, turning their faces towards the
Ka’aba (Washington Irving, Mahomet & his Associates, p. 31). Muhammad retained this
pagan ritual in Islam and, in some unguarded moments, he told his followers to pray
twice, thrice or four times in a day. Since the norms to be followed while saying these
prayers were well known to his followers, he did not mention them in the Qur’an. For
want of clarity on the number of prayers that Muslims must offer everyday to Allah,
Sunnis believe it to be five; Shias, by and large, consider it to be three (Dr. Rafiq
Zakaria; Muhammad and the Quran, p. 74).
The Prophet of Islam, retained daily prayers in Islam for a specific reason: being militarily
and economically weak, he needed to tell the Pagans of Mecca that the religion he was
preaching was not drastically different from the one they themselves were practicing and,
as such, they should accept it without resistance. He continued to follow his policy of
appeasement even after his arrival in Medina, where the Jews vehemently opposed most
of the precepts of his religion. In order to win them over, he changed the direction of the
Muslim prayer from Ka’aba in Mecca to Jerusalem. When the Jews refused to budge, he
expressed his mild displeasure by asking his followers to face Ka’aba at the time of
saying their prayer.
The Muslim prayer achieved a new dimension, and importance as well, after Muslim
rulers embarked upon conquering others’ lands. Once miserably poor and destitute, neo-
Muslims from the desert of Arabia found themselves dazzled by the wealth and affluence
of the countries they were able to conquer and plunder just a few years after the death
of Muhammad. The fair and beautiful women of the conquered countries was another
reason that induced them to fight valiantly against their foes.
Al-Baladhuri, the most judicious of the historians of the {Muslim} conquest, declares that
in recruiting for the Syrian campaign Abu Bakr “wrote to the people of Makkah, al-Taif, al-
Yaman and all the Arabs of Najd and al-Hijaz summoning them to a ‘holy war’ and
arousing their desire for it and for the booty to be got from the Greeks {booty consisted
of all things captured from the vanquished as well as their women}. Rustam, the Persian
general who defended his country against the Arab invasion, made the following remark
to the Muslim envoy: “I have learned that ye were forced to what ye are doing by
nothing but the narrow means of livelihood and by poverty.” A verse in the Hamasah of
abu-Tammam has put the case tersely:
No, not for Paradise didst thou the nomad life forsake;
Rather, I believe, it was thy yearning after bread and dates.
(Quoted from Phillip K. Hitti’s History of the Arabs, p. 144).
But as the time passed and the lust to procure more wealth and women became very
acute in the soldiers of Allah, Muslim rulers became worried, and feared loss of control
over them, if they took no action to check their overflowing passion. Finding a solution to
their problem in prayer, they raised its number to five; prescribed recitation from the
Qur’an as well as various movements and gestures in order to prevent their minds from
thinking about the non-Muslims’ wealth and women for a number of hours of each day.
This was like the indoctrination that the dictators of our time have used to keep their
military under control. Muslim rulers succeeded in their attempt and eventually, the daily
five prayers became an integral part of the Muslims’ lives. In the hope of pleasing Allah,
they not only waste a colossal amount of their valuable time, they also put off their
important duties in order to perform their prayers, thereby greatly harming their own and
their nations’ economic well being. The sooner Muslims realise this fact the better it
would be for them as well as for the rest of the world.
FP: A large part of the Muslim world is also engulfed by poverty. This also has something
to do with Islamic theology, right?
Aghar: Of course. Poverty is a virtue for Muslims. Most of them believe that they get
what Allah gives them. Therefore, in contrast to other people and nations that have
struggled hard to ameliorate their economic conditions, and then became wealthy, most
Muslims deemed it appropriate, due to their religious convictions, to keep on inflicting
poverty upon themselves. Indeed, many Muslim nations bartered away their self-esteem,
political independence, and sovereignty to please those benefactors whose charity they
needed for their economic survival.
But without taking responsibility for their own failures and follies, they blame the affluent
and wealthy non-Muslims and the non-Muslim nations for all the ills they suffer from
today; these, they contend, having been inflicted upon them mostly by the unjust and
treacherous Christians. The Qur’an bolsters the Muslims’ hatred towards the Christians by
telling them that Allah gives them wealth not for attaining prosperity on earth, but to
punish them in their next life. (cf. the Qur’an; 10:69 & 70).
Inspired by this and similar teachings of the Qur’an, Muslims not only hate those non-
Muslims who are rich, they also look forward, albeit, silently to the day when they will be
able to obliterate Christianity, and other religions as well, from the face of the earth.
FP: This is founded on the war that Islam teaches Muslims must wage on unbelievers.
Aghar: Yes. As we all know, Islam has divided the earth into two camps: Darul Islam
and Darul Harb i.e. the Muslim world and the non-Muslim world. Since the Muslims are
Allah’s foot soldiers and they are required to fulfill His plan, as it is enunciated in the
Qur’an, for earth and mankind, the Muslims must not only recover the land that the non-
Muslims occupy today, they are also required to force them into Islam or kill them, if they
refuse to become Muslims (see the Qur’an; 9:29). It is, in fact, “a notable declaration of
State policy promulgated {by Allah} about the month of Shawwal. A. H. 9, and read out
by Hadhrat Ali at the Pilgrimage two months later in order to give the policy the widest
publicity possible. …” (Abdullah Yusuf Ali, The Holy Quran, as corrected by the King of
Saudi Arabia, p. 494).
This teaching of the Qur’an effectively and automatically turns the Muslims against the
Christians; the former having also been told by it not to take the latter as their friends or
protectors, as they (the Christians) and the Jews are friends of each other and, thus,
both of them are in collusion against the Muslim Umma (Nation) and their religion.
Apart from the Jews and the Christians, the Muslims also hate the Pagans {Mushrikun in
Arabic) from the core of their hearts, as they, according to the Qur’an, are unclean (see
the Qur’an; 9:28), and, thus, unworthy of living on Allah’s earth. Therefore, the Muslims
must kill them whenever they get the chance to fulfill the instruction Allah gave them
through the Qur’an (see verse 9:5). This is a very dangerous instruction, and it is not at
all good for those inhabitants of the earth, who worship deities other than Him.
This and other truths about Islam, therefore, must be brought to the notice of the non-
Muslim communities of the world in order to prepare them against the deadly hazards
that Islam is likely to put them in, when its followers becomes, in future, a dominant
force on earth. Paying keen attention to what is written in the Qur’an is not only in the
best interest of the present-day non-Muslims of the world, it would also help them
protect their descendants from the Allah-inspired wrath of the Muslims in days to come.
FP: Are you optimistic and pessimistic in the West being able to confront the Islamic
agenda?
Asghar: I am saddened by the fact that the West has not learned anything from the
Qur’an, the history of Islam and from its adherents. The following examples describe
Muslims’ mindset and what Allah wants them to do for taking over the earth from the
Jews, Christians, Buddhists, Polytheists and the followers of other religions:
1. Muhammad came to Medina as a fugitive from Mecca and within ten years, he became its
absolute ruler after killing and uprooting the Jews of the city and by converting the Pagans
to his faith. By his action, he taught his followers that it is the number of Muslims that
matters and that it is their number that will help them establish their rule over the whole of
the earth. Had he known that a time will come when number of men will be replaced by
gun, he would have advised his followers to arm themselves with it first and then rampage
the whole world.
2. Abyssinia, a Christian country in the seventh century, was the first country to give shelter
to Muslims of Mecca. When Muslims became numerous and strong, they forgot the favor its
Christian ruler had done to them and took it over as their possession and converted its
Christian inhabitants to Islam. They also conquered almost one-third of the earth and
would also have overrun the whole of Europe, had they not been defeated by the Christians
at the gates of Vienna in 1683.
3. Allah has promised to Muslims that He will make them the inheritors and the rulers of the
earth and also help them establish Islam all over it (the Quran; 24:55,57). To achieve
these objectives, He has commanded them to engage in battles with those who refused to
accept Islam; to smite their necks, and after overpowering them, to take them prisoners,
whom they may either set free as a favor to them or ransom them for money after the
hostility is over (the Quran; 47:4).
Instead of taking lessons from the past history of Muslims, most leaders and the people
of the West believe that Islam is a religion of peace and its followers are as good as they
appear to them. Many of them took no lesson even after seeing the destructions and
deaths some Muslims inflicted on New York and Washington, D.C; they laud Islam’s good
teachings even after knowing that a film director lost his life to a Muslim fanatic for the
crime of making a supposedly anti-Islam film. They also praise the so-called tolerance
that Islam teaches its adherents even after being informed that an American publisher
refused to publish a book that contains an account of Prophet Muhammad’s wife after
receiving threats of dire consequences from Muslims, if it published the book.
Many leaders of the West and its citizenry brushed off the president of Iran after he
called for the complete annihilation of Israel, saying that he was a mad man. In reality, it
was not his madness that had made him call for Israel’s destruction; rather, it was his
hatred of the Jews that made him say what he believes Allah wants him to say and do to
destroy them and their state.
How Muslims intend to destroy Israel and also, how they are going to take over the earth
from the followers of other religions, when they do not have the necessary wherewithal
to achieve their objectives? Here are the answers to the questions:
-Iranian and other Muslims will continue with their efforts to acquire deadly weapons,
which they will need in days to come to destroy Israel – a desire that Dr. Mahathir, the
former prime minister of Malaysia, had clearly expressed in his speech before the Muslim
delegates to the OIC Summit, held in his country in 2003, saying:
“…It cannot be that there is no other way. 1.3 billion Muslims cannot be defeated by a few
million Jews. There must be a way. And we can only find a way if we stop to think, to
assess our weaknesses and our strength, to plan, to strategise and then to counter-attack.
As Muslims we must seek guidance from the Al-Quran and the Sunnah of the Prophet.
Surely the 23 years’ struggle of the Prophet can provide us with some guidance as to what
we can and should do. … We must build up our strength in every field, not just in armed
might. Our countries must be stable and well administered, must be economically and
financially strong, industrially competent and technologically advanced. This will take time,
but it can be done and it will be time well spent. We are enjoined by our religion to be
patient. Innallahamaasabirin. Obviously there is virtue in being patient.”
While preparing themselves to attack the Jews, Muslims are gradually taking up
residence in the affluent countries of the West, with two main objectives in their minds.
The first one is to earn money and the second is to sow the seed of Islam among the
people of their host countries. Together with converting criminals and disgruntled folks to
their faith, they also seek to increase their own number by having as many children as
their women can produce. In cases where they have no women of their own to produce
children for them, they trap the Western women and, after converting them to Islam,
they produce their desired number of children with them.
After their number, in this way, has become large and politically powerful, they will seek
autonomy, or demand complete independence for those regions of their host countries in
which they will be living. This has already happened to India, and it is happening right
now to the Philippines, Thailand and China.
What is likely to happen to the West, if it continues to follow its present policy of ‘political
correctness’ and apathy towards the hostile teachings of Islam, the American Historian
and Philosopher Will Durant (1885-1981) has described it for us in the following words:
"The Islamic conquest of India is probably the bloodiest story in history. It is a discouraging
tale, for its evident moral is that civilisation is a precious good, whose delicate complex of
order and freedom, culture and peace, can at any moment be overthrown by barbarians
invading from without or multiplying within."
FP: What advice do you give the West?
Aghar: Knowing that what Will Durant has said is true, I suggest that the West must
take the following steps to counter the threat that Muslims pose to its independence, and
to its people’s ways of life without further delay:
• It must curtail the inflow of Muslims to its territory and should allow only those Muslims to
come to its shore who are willing to adapt themselves to the secular lifestyle of its citizens.
• It must not permit Muslims to build more mosques and religious seminaries on its soil, as
these are the institutions where Islamic Fundamentalism breeds and where the minds of
young Muslim children and youths are poisoned against the Jews, Christians and the
followers of other religions by the Islamic clerics.
• The West must monitor the mosques to find out what the Muslim Imams say in their Friday
sermons together with watching what the Muslim children are taught in their religious
seminaries. Any Imam or religious teacher, who might be found delivering hateful sermons
or imparting hateful lessons to his or her students, must be vigorously persecuted and
punished.
• Together with fighting the Muslim terrorists in places, like Iraq, Pakistan and Saudi Arabia,
the West must also ask the governments of all the Muslim countries to stop their religious
teachers from teaching hateful lessons to their students. It must not hesitate to use its
political and economic powers on the Muslim governments, if they refuse to comply with its
request.
The West has no option, but to succeed with the Muslim countries, if it wants to contain
the Muslim threat against it and its allies. Its failure will prove catastrophic for the entire
world – a prospect that neither the West, nor other non-Muslim countries in the East and
elsewhere will be able to contain without great sacrifice of lives and destruction to their
economies. The West, therefore, must not rest until it has succeeded on this front.
FP: How can the West do these things that you recommend and still remain a place that
allows freedom of religion and individual liberties?
Aghar: In order to protect its citizens from Islamic terrorism and from the future risk of
being overrun by Muslims, all the West needs to do is to follow its own existing rules and
laws and bring about some changes to its thinking process. Let me elaborate:
1. Each country of the world has its own Visa Rules and it permits only those persons to enter
its territory it considers eligible. The West can easily check the inflow of Muslims by being
more careful at the time of issuing visas to them.
2. There are enough mosques and religious seminaries in the West to meet the needs of its
Muslim population. Since it is a proven fact that many Muslim Imams and teachers have
been using them to plant hatred of non-Muslims, particularly of the Jews, Christians and
the Polytheists, into the minds of the Muslim children and young men and women, the West
has the right not to grant permission for building more of them and also to electronically
monitor the existing ones for the sake of its own people. Monitoring the Muslim Imams and
teachers is not a violation of religious rights of all Muslims, rather, it is a necessary step
(the doctrine of necessity applies here) that will also protect Muslims’ own young from the
influence of their rogue Imams and teachers.
Moreover, Islam permits surveillance of bad elements and Allah personally spied on the
enemies of Muhammad to protect him from their mischief. Allah admitted this fact by
saying in the Quran:
4:108: “They may hide (their crimes) from men, but they cannot hide (them) from Allah,
seeing that He {i.e. Allah} is in their midst when they plot by night, in words that He
cannot approve: and Allah doth compass round all they do.”
This should silence those Muslims who are likely to oppose the actions of their host
governments against their Imams and religious teachers, for when their Allah could spy
on Muhammad’s enemies, the law enforcers of the West can also do the same in order to
protect their people from the evil designs of their enemies.
Additionally, freedom of religion and individual liberties are for those who value them and
respect them. You cannot protest the arrest of a known or suspected criminal – religious
or otherwise –, citing his or her religious freedom or liberties, as letting him or her go
free will be a dangerous act for the society or the nation in which he or she lives.
Therefore, in the matter of religious terrorism, or religiously inspired incitement to kill the
followers of certain religions, the demand for religious freedom and individual liberties
should have no effect and the West should do what is necessary to protect its citizens
and their properties from those who are bent upon destroying them for the advancement
of their own religion.
FP: Mohammad Asghar, thank you for joining Frontpage Interview.
Asghar: Thank you for talking to me.
Source:
http://www.islam-watch.org/MAsghar/Leaving-Islam.htm
2.49 Moderate Muslims and the Islamisation of Europe
(1) Who is our enemy? Is it mainly (or only) the Islamists/jihadists who plan and carry out
physical terror acts?
(2) Why don’t moderate Muslims forcefully oppose the Islamists? Aren’t they opposed to
them? Do moderate Muslims cooperate with us – or with them?
It has been pointed out regarding issue (1) that terror is just a tool, a short- or long-term
tactics of the Islamists, and one of many possible policy alternatives. It can be used, or it
can be dropped if the Islamic decision-makers conclude that another strategy is better
and that terrorism starts to be counterproductive. So terror and terrorism is not the
enemy but just a tool among many. Naming what probably will be called World War IV in
the future, for “The war on terror “ is just an attempt to be tactical in the short term:
don’t irritate “normal” Muslims and be politically correct. However, it plays into the hands
of the enemies of the Western Civilisation if one doesn’t talk straight about whom the
enemy is. It also reflects a deep flaw in the understanding of the Islamic doctrine.
Instead of committing such errors, it is necessary to clearly define which Muslims are the
enemy.
The basic doctrine of Islam consists not only of the Quran but also of the sunnah of
Muhammed (the Ahadith and the sira). The religion contains both peaceful and violent
principles but the peaceful suras (from Mecca) are generally abrogated by the later – and
violent – ones from Medina. The small number of peaceful maxims regarding non-
Muslims (generally not valid because of abrogation) are now used over and over again in
the West in order to deceive Europeans and Americans, while the real ruling principles
are covered up. But even the “peaceful” part of the Quran created by Muhammed in
Mecca is generally not peaceful. Quantitative research shows that e g about 2/3 of that
part “deals with condemning unbelievers to hell for merely disagreeing with Muhammed”
(1).
What is then a “moderate” Muslim? It is necessary to understand the difference between
what a Muslim means with moderation and what an European or American thinks the
term stands for. It is reasonable to argue that a moderate Muslim is one who wants to
closely follow the quran and the examples and principles of the perfect model of a man
for all future and for all the world, i.e. Muhammed. And any true Muslim naturally wants
e g to implement sharia laws which are just consequences of the quran and the sunnah.
Such a person cannot in any sense be described as an extreme Muslim.
So-called moderate Muslims in the West cannot pick and choose the parts of the doctrine
that they like. That is forbidden by the religion and doing so would mean that they are
not real Muslims in the traditional sense. There is also a prohibition against personal
interpretations of Islam. There are established interpretations and principles regarding
interpretation which were accepted many centuries ago and are respected throughout the
Muslim world. It is not permitted to arrive at new conclusions which contradict the old
ones and violate the rules of interpretation. “Ijtihad” – interpretations not based on case
law or past precedent – have been forbidden since the 11th century and a moderate
Muslim must respect that. Innovation regarding religious principles is a very serious
crime in the Muslim world.
Sharia law is the practical application of the quran and the sunna, and a moderate Muslim
must accept these laws. Even if an European Muslim initially doesn’t do that owing to a
lack of knowledge of the quran and the sunnah (evidently very common owing to a low
educational level; that the clerics try to conceal parts of the doctrine which may cause
opposition also among Muslims during a period when Muslims are still a minority in
Europe a s o) he or she will later accept also these theses. When shown that he has
misunderstood and is wrong about the doctrine according to the real, traditional Islam, a
Muslim will after a while accept that he has been misguided earlier and will then follow
the lead of the faithful interpreters of true Islam.
Many Muslims in the West now temporarily accept to follow the laws of the land because
they as a group constitute a smaller minority here. But when they grew stronger in a
country, their doctrine will force them to work for implementing Muslim values and
primarily, the sharia laws. It is evident that Muslims now lacking in knowledge about
Islam or believing in local liberal interpretations with no special basis in the accepted
doctrine, will be pushovers when influenced by representatives of real, traditional Islam.
The liberal Muslims are just influenced by national/cultural reinterpretations of the
doctrine which were made a long time ago in order to create a society more harmonious
and easier to live in. But these interpretations are deviations and have no real theoretical
basis. They can only survive as long as nobody challenges them energetically. Most
moderate Muslims will certainly abandon them when shown his/her errors regarding
understanding Islam. They will then do what is demanded of them as Muslims, and even
if some will not like it, they will obey. The quran itself (sura 2:216) states that even if you
don’t like certain things, they are/may be good for you. In that situation probably only a
small minority will withdraw from Islam in opposition. Open apostasy will be looked upon
as an option by a still smaller minority.
A moderate Muslim is not a reform-minded Muslim, who is willing to eliminate some,
many or all those principles of Islam that violate e g human rights. The moderate
Muslims already want – or will want after some religious re-education – pretty much the
same things as the Islamists. The main goal is then partial or full implementation of
sharia laws in Europe. Even if they now (for lack of knowledge) object to certain parts of
the sharia, they still prefer important parts of it to man-made Western laws. And why
shouldn’t they accept the sharia? Then they can keep their superiority over women,
which is so important for the comfortable life of many Muslim males whose lifestyles just
depend on the exploitation of women. And it means that they can become rich without
any effort: the Western population can in the future be transformed into half-slaves
(dhimmis) and their property (slowly) taken over by those in power – Muslims.
The content of the sharia is mainly political; just a small part regards religion as such (as
a religion is defined in the West). The contents violate human rights and accepted
political principles in the West: secularism, democracy etc (see 8.1.2 below). However, as
discussed in Part 6, a moderate may not find it a religious duty to implement the doctrine
by force n o w in Europe or the US as long as a correctly chosen Muslim leader for the
Ummah doesn’t exist (and who hasn’t proclaimed jihad in Europe). In that respect he is
different from an Islamist who works for an Islamist society by force now. But the
medium- or long-term goals of the moderate Muslim and the Islamist are pretty much
the same.
What a European means with the term “moderate Muslim” is very different from the
Muslim concept of moderation. The European basically means a “Reform(ed)” Muslim.
These brave persons still look at themselves as Muslims but they break a myriad of the
principles of the real, traditional Islam accepted by the overwhelming majority of
Muslims. In reality, the Reform Muslims create a new religion which has few similarities
to traditional Islam. Why it then should be called Islam can be discussed but they
proclaim themselves to be Muslims. Depending on their arguments, that claim can be
logically rejected or accepted. They may be called “New” or “Reform” Muslims but they
are surely not moderate Muslims according to the established faith. That term doesn’t
stand for a Muslim with Western values regarding secularism, freedom, human rights,
and democracy with rules protecting minorities. And the New or Reform Muslims are still
very few.
So basically: what an American or European liberal or socialist means with the term
“moderate Muslim” is in reality a Muslim who disregards many of the most important
principles of his faith. These Westerners delude themselves regarding the contents of
Islam because they are scared of the consequences of the fact that they cannot square
the circle. An objective analysis can never reach the conclusion that Islam is peaceful,
tolerant and consistent with human rights.
The evidence seems to show that there are no important theological differences between
jihadists and so-called "peaceful" or "moderate" Muslims. It may be that jihadists are just
more faithful and more serious with regard to realising islam. One religious obligation
which every muslim must observe, is to realise and institute the laws of islam if he is in
such political position that he has the power to do so. Some believers think that it is
mandatory to work hard to realise that situation. Moderates think that if muslims are not
in power, there is no special religious duty to work directly to reach it (unless a jihad has
been legally proclaimed). But probably many or most moderates want the muslims to
reach that kind of power so they can implement the sharia.
The traditional doctrine is the leading one in the muslim world. Local and more moderate
interpretations are now retreating in many countries probably because communication
and interaction is easy in the modern world, and therefore the real, traditional islam can
recover the initiative again from local and earlier somewhat isolated variants of islam.
The traditional faith can now control the contents of the doctrine in various countries
better. Because all four schools of sunni islam agree on so many matters, this force is
difficult to withstand intellectually if one is a muslim.
It has been said that islam has been hijacked by terrorists. Even if that may be the case
in some instances where the terrorists really interpret the quoran in too extreme a way, it
is no reason at all to conclude that the judgment is true in general. What seems to be
true is instead that many - from the beginning normal, peaceful and sound - persons are
hijacked by islam and transformed into fanatics and enemies of democracy, freedom and
human rights. And some of these persons may for many reasons develop into terrorists.
But that transformation doesn’t depend on the discovery of other tenets of islam but on
psychological or sociopsychological reasons, and the individual circumstances of the
person in question.
Because of the misery of their current life, an end to it and paradise may seem
preferable. A person may feel a greater fear of hell than others; or for young sex-starved
men, the free sex in paradise may seem more important than anything else. Or the
person takes the teaching that this life is of little importance than the other more
seriously and tries to reach the next faster – and dying in jihad is the sure free ticket to
paradise. Or he is a strict, serious and logical person and makes reasonable conclusions
on the basis of the quran, hadiths and sunnah.
In many cases, a moderate muslim evidently has the same goals as the terrorists but
refuses to fight for them with a weapon in his hand and sacrifice himself in battle (until
jihad has been legally proclaimed). But that is no reason to make a sharp differentiation
between a moderate and an extreme muslim religion. The final goals may be very similar,
or even the same. It is also always necessary to observe the possibility of taqiyya when
listening to a so-called moderate. Extremists find advantages in being labelled as
moderates.
Without a reformed doctrine proclaiming distinctly and unequivocally different theses
which secure all human rights and eliminate the unacceptable parts of the quran, the
opinions of the moderates are not specially useful as a religious basis. Opinions can be
abandoned and may crumble fast if they come under serious pressure from hardliners.
No policies in western countries can be based on a belief in the moderation of muslims
without the existence of a clearly reformed islamic doctrine. The survival of a nation: its
human rights, political system, culture and future cannot rest on such a weak hope.
Multiculturalism according to the common interpretation, multiculturalism in practice
means that all cultures and religions are equal. For the reasons given above, that
assertion is totally wrong. People are equal as human beings but the opinions, culture
and values of people have not the same worth. Opinions and culture can generally be
valued according to various criteria. Different cultures – being value systems - are
therefore not equal. From a political and humanistic point–of-view, some of these
systems are - just owing to their positions concerning human rights - worthless in a
western democracy as value systems guiding the society regarding political issues.
Source:
http://www.islam-watch.org/NoSharia/PreventEuropeIslamization1.htm
2.50 Why We Cannot Rely on Moderate Muslims
By Fjordman
According to Dr. Daniel Pipes[1], Omar Ahmad, the long-serving chairman of CAIR, the
Council on American-Islamic Relations, reportedly told a crowd of California Muslims in
July 1998, “Islam isn’t in America to be equal to any other faith, but to become
dominant. The Koran ... should be the highest authority in America, and Islam the only
accepted religion on earth.”
In 2005, three Dallas-area brothers were convicted of supporting terrorism by funnelling
money to a high-ranking official in the militant Palestinian group Hamas. Ghassan and
Bayan Elashi and their company were found guilty of all 21 federal counts they faced:
conspiracy, money laundering and dealing in property of a terrorist. Ghassan Elashi was
the founder[2] of the Texas chapter of CAIR.
One would normally think that an organisation that has convicted terrorist supporters
among its members and whose leading members have stated a desire to replace the US
Constitution with sharia would be shunned by Western media and political
representatives. Unfortunately, that’s not the case.
In August 2006, a poll revealed that most Americans favor profiling of people who look
“Middle Eastern” for security screening at locations such as airports and train stations.
News wire Reuters[3] stated that the “civil rights and advocacy organisation” CAIR
protested against this. Ibrahim Hooper, communications director for the CAIR, wanted
Americans to solve the problem of Islamic terrorism by cooperating with, well, people
such as CAIR: “It’s one of those things that makes people think they are doing something
to protect themselves when they’re not. They’re in fact producing more insecurity by
alienating the very people whose help is necessary in the war on terrorism,” he said.
The Kentucky office of the Council on American-Islamic Relations has been conducting
”sensitivity training”[4] for FBI agents in Lexington, examining “common stereotypes of
Islam and Muslims,” and ways in which to improve interactions with the Muslim
community.
Meanwhile, a survey revealed that 81% of Detroit Muslims[5] wanted sharia in Muslim
countries. Yehudit Barsky, an expert on terrorism at the American Jewish Committee,
warned that mainstream US Muslim organisations are heavily influenced by Saudi-funded
extremists. These “extremist organisations continue to claim the mantle of leadership”
over American Islam. Over 80 percent[6] of the mosques in the United States “have been
radicalised by Saudi money and influence,” Barsky said.
The northern Virginia-based Muslim Students’ Association (MSA) might easily be taken
for a benign student[7] religious group. At a meeting in Queensborough Community
College in New York in March 2003, a guest speaker named Faheed declared, “We reject
the U.N., reject America, reject all law and order. Don’t lobby Congress or protest
because we don’t recognise Congress. The only relationship you should have with
America is to topple it ... Eventually there will be a Muslim in the White House dictating
the laws of Shariah.”
So, what happened to the famous “moderate Muslims” in all this? That’s a question writer
Robert Spencer[8] asks, too. Imam Siraj Wahaj is in great demand as a speaker. In
1991, he even became the first Muslim to give an invocation to the U.S. Congress.
However, he has also warned that the United States will fall unless it “accepts the Islamic
agenda.” He has lamented that “if only Muslims were clever politically, they could take
over the United States and replace its constitutional government with a caliphate.” In the
early 1990s he sponsored talks by Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman in mosques in New York
City and New Jersey; Rahman was later convicted for conspiring to blow up the World
Trade Center in 1993, and Wahaj was designated a “potential unindicted co-conspirator.”
Mr. Spencer notes that “The fact that someone who would like to see the [US]
Constitution replaced has led a prayer for those sworn to uphold it is just a symptom a
larger, ongoing problem: the government and media are avid to find moderate Muslims --
and as their desperation has increased, their standards have lowered.” The situation is
complicated by many factors, including, taqiyya and kitman: “These are Islamic doctrines
of religious deception. They originated in Shi’ite Islamic defences against Sunni Islam,
but have their roots in the Qur’an (3:28 and 16:106). Many radical Muslims today work
hard to deceive unbelievers, in line with Muhammad’s statement, “War is deceit.”
Professor Walid Phares[9] gives an explanation of such religious deception, part and
parcel of Jihad while Muslims are in a weaker position: “Al-Taqiya, from the verb Ittaqu,
means linguistically ‘dodge the threat’. Politically it means simulate whatever status you
need in order to win the war against the enemy.” “According to Al-Taqiya, Muslims were
granted the Shar’iya (legitimacy) to infiltrate the Dar el-Harb (war zone), infiltrate the
enemy’s cities and forums and plant the seeds of discord and sedition.
“These agents were acting on behalf of the Muslim authority at war, and therefore were
not considered as lying or denouncing the tenets of Islam. They were “legitimate”
mujahedeen [holy warriors], whose mission was to undermine the enemy’s resistance
and level of mobilisation. One of their major objectives was to cause a split among the
enemy’s camp. In many instances, they convinced their targeted audiences that Jihad is
not aimed at them.”
This deception “has a civilisational, global dimension versus the narrow state interest of
the regular Western subversive methods.” “The uniqueness of today’s Taqiya is its
success within advanced and sophisticated societies. Taqiya is winning massively because
of the immense lack of knowledge among Western elites, both Jewish and Christian.”
Youssef Mohamed E[10]., a 22-year-old Lebanese man, is one of two persons suspected
of trying to carry out bomb attacks on regional trains from Cologne, Germany, in July
2006. His fellow students were stunned. They couldn’t imagine how one of their fellow
students could be a terrorist, a train bomber. He was a “completely normal guy” said one
of them. “He was friendly, polite, inconspicuous,” and he never spoke ill of anyone. The
publication of caricatures[11] depicting the Prophet Mohammed was interpreted by
Youssef as an insult to Islam by the Western world, and triggered the attempted terror
attack.
Muhammad Atta was named by the FBI as the pilot of American Airlines Flight 11, the
first plane to crash into the World Trade Center during the September 11, 2001 attacks.
He was also a student in Germany, where he was described as quiet, polite and
inconspicuous. This strategy of using religious deception, smiling to the infidels while
plotting to kill them, has become a common feature of many would-be Jihadists in the
West.
According to Robert Spencer[12], secular clothing is actually in accord with instructions in
a captured Al-Qaeda manual to appear to be a secular, assimilated Muslim with no
interest in religion. In renting an apartment, “It is preferable to rent these apartments
using false names, appropriate cover, and non-Moslem appearance.” And in general:
“Have a general appearance that does not indicate Islamic orientation (beard, toothpick,
book, [long] shirt, small Koran)....Be careful not to mention the brothers’ common
expressions or show their behaviours (special praying appearance, ‘may Allah reward
you’, ‘peace be on you’ while arriving and departing, etc.).”
Ambassadors to the Czech Republic[13] from Arab nations and members of the Czech
Muslim community were outraged by a documentary aired on ÄŒTV that used hidden
camera footage of conversations in a Prague mosque. The footage showed a reporter
pretending to be someone interested in converting to Islam. One of members of the
mosque said Islamic law should be implemented in the Czech Republic, including the
death penalty for adultery. “The result was alarming, and if not for the hidden camera, I
would have never had any of this footage,” the journalist said.
An Arabic-speaking journalist had on several occasions visited a large mosque in
Stockholm, and noticed that what the imam said in his speech in Arabic didn’t match the
Swedish translation. “America rapes Islam,” imam Hassan Mousa roared in Arabic.
Minutes later the Swedish translation was ready. Not a word on how America was raping
Islam. Imam Mousa said that many Muslims call him an “American friendly” preacher.
The mistranslation was because “Arabic is a much richer language than Swedish. It’s
impossible to translate everything.”
Examples such as these leave non-Muslims with a very powerful dilemma: How can we
ever trust assurances from self-proclaimed moderate Muslims when deception of non-
Muslims is so widespread, and lying to infidels is an accepted and established way of
hiding Islamic goals? The answer, with all its difficult implications, is: We can’t.
Does this mean that ALL Muslims are lying about their true agenda, all of the time? No,
of course not. Some are quite frank about their intentions.
Norway’s most controversial refugee, Mullah Krekar[14], has said in public that there’s a
war going on between the West and Islam, and that Islam will win. “We’re the ones who
will change you,” Krekar told. “Just look at the development within Europe, where the
number of Muslims is expanding like mosquitoes.”
“Every Western woman in the EU is producing an average of 1.4 children. Every Muslim
woman in the same countries is producing 3.5 children. By 2050, 30 percent of the
population in Europe will be Muslim.” He claimed that “our way of thinking... will prove
more powerful than yours.” He loosely defined “Western thinking” as formed by the
values held by leaders of western or non-Islamic nations. Its “materialism, egoism and
wildness” has altered Christianity, Krekar claimed.
In The Force of Reason, Italian journalist and novelist Oriana Fallaci[15] recalls how, in
1972, she interviewed the Palestinian terrorist George Habash, who told her that the
Palestinian problem was about far more than Israel. The Arab goal, Habash declared, was
to wage war “against Europe and America” and to ensure that henceforth “there would be
no peace for the West.” The Arabs, he informed her, would “advance step by step.
Millimetre by millimetre. Year after year. Decade after decade. Determined, stubborn,
patient. This is our strategy. A strategy that we shall expand throughout the whole
planet.”
Fallaci thought he was referring simply to terrorism. Only later did she realise that he
“also meant the cultural war, the demographic war, the religious war waged by stealing a
country from its citizens — In short, the war waged through immigration, fertility,
presumed pluriculturalism.”
The US State Department believes that Washington can contain the Muslim Brotherhood
and its ilk through dialogue[16] and should avoid any further clash with them, because
this “would only fan hatred and incite more attacks against US interests.” The State
Department has asked the US Embassy in Cairo to reach out to the Muslim Brotherhood’s
leaders as a preliminary step for an organised dialogue.
At the same time, the new Brotherhood leader Muhammad Mahdi Othman ’Akef said in
2004 to Arab media that America is ‘Satan’ and “will soon collapse[17].” “I have complete
faith that Islam will invade Europe and America, because Islam has logic and a mission.”
Western authorities are thus trying to “reach out” to an organisation that wants to
conquer and subdue them.
Besides, exactly what does “dialogue” mean, anyway? Poul E. Andersen[18], former dean
of the church of Odense, Denmark, warns against false hopes of dialogue with Muslims.
During a debate at the University of Aarhus, Ahmad Akkari, one of the Muslim
participants, stated: “Islam has waged war where this was necessary and dialogue where
this was possible. A dialogue can thus only be viewed as part of a missionary objective.”
When Mr. Andersen raised the issue of dialogue with the Muslim World League in
Denmark, the answer was: “To a Muslim, it is artificial to discuss Islam. In fact, you view
any discussion as an expression of Western thinking.” Andersen’s conclusion was that for
Islamists, any debate about religious issues is impossible as a matter of principle. If
Muslims engage in a dialogue or debate on religious subjects, this is for one purpose
only: To create more room for Islam.
In Britain’s The Spectator, Patrick Sookhdeo[19] writes about the myth of moderate
Islam:
“The peaceable verses of the Koran are almost all earlier, dating
from Mohammed’s time in Mecca, while those which advocate
war and violence are almost all later, dating from after his flight
to Medina. Though jihad has a variety of meanings, including a
spiritual struggle against sin, Mohammed’s own example shows
clearly that he frequently interpreted jihad as literal warfare and
himself ordered massacre, assassination and torture. From
these sources the Islamic scholars developed a detailed
theology dividing the world into two parts, Dar al-Harb and Dar
al-Islam, with Muslims required to change Dar al-Harb into Dar al-Islam either through
warfare or da’wa (mission).”
“So the mantra ‘Islam is peace’ is almost 1,400 years out of date. It was only for about
13 years that Islam was peace and nothing but peace. From 622 onwards it became
increasingly aggressive, albeit with periods of peaceful co-existence, particularly in the
colonial period, when the theology of war was not dominant. For today’s radical Muslims
— just as for the mediaeval jurists who developed classical Islam — it would be truer to
say ‘Islam is war.’”
What is a moderate Muslim? In 2003, the Associated Press touted as a “moderate”[20] a
cleric who told Saudi radio that terrorist attacks in his capital violated “the sanctity of
Ramadan.” Leading government cleric Sheikh Saleh Al-Fawzan was a member of the
Senior Council of Clerics, Saudi Arabia’s highest religious body. He was also the author of
the religious books used to teach 5 million Saudi students, both within the country and in
Saudi schools abroad — including those in Washington, D.C. “Slavery is a part of Islam,”
he said in one tape, adding: “Slavery is part of jihad, and jihad will remain as long there
is Islam.” A moderate Muslim by Saudi standards is thus a person who wants to reinstate
slavery in the 21st century.
During his speech at the opening of the 10th Session of the Islamic Summit Conference
on Oct 16, 2003, Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad[21] of Malaysia stated that: “We are
all Muslims. We are all oppressed. We are all being humiliated.” “1.3 billion Muslims
cannot be defeated by a few million Jews. There must be a way.” “Today the Jews rule
this world by proxy. They get others to fight and die for them.”
“They invented and successfully promoted Socialism, Communism, human rights and
democracy so that persecuting them would appear to be wrong, so they may enjoy equal
rights with others. With these they have now gained control of the most powerful
countries and they, this tiny community, have become a world power.” Mahathir talked
about how Muslims could win a “final victory,” and recalled the glory days when
“Europeans had to kneel at the feet of Muslim scholars in order to access their own
scholastic heritage.”
Farish Noor[22], a Malaysian scholar who specialises in politics and Islam, says that the
idea of a secular state is dead in Malaysia. “An Islamic society is already on the cards.
The question is what kind of Islamic society this will be.” There is a creeping Islamisation
of the country, and Islamic police officers routinely arrest unmarried couples for “close
proximity.” Yet despite all of this, Malaysia is considered one of the most moderate
Muslim majority countries in the world. What does this tell us?
While NATO soldiers are risking their lives to establish a “democratic and moderate”
regime in Afghanistan, a former regional governor[23] who oversaw the destruction of
two massive 1,500-year-old Buddha statues during the Taliban’s reign was elected to the
Afghan parliament. Mawlawi Mohammed Islam Mohammadi was the Taliban’s governor of
Bamiyan province when the fifth-century Buddha statues were blown up with dynamite
and artillery in March 2001.
In the same, Western-supported, moderate Afghanistan, the police arrested six people
for stoning to death an Afghan women accused of adultery[24]. The arrests were made
after the interior ministry sent a delegation to a remote village in north-eastern
Badakhshan province following reports that the woman was stoned to death. Were they
arrested because stoning was barbaric? No. They were arrested because they were
carrying out an unauthorised stoning: The mullah who authorised the killing was not a
judge.
Ashram Choudhary, Muslim MP in New Zealand[25], will not condemn the traditional
Koran punishment of stoning to death some homosexuals and people who have extra-
marital affairs. But the Labour MP - who has struggled with his “role” as the sole
parliamentary representative of the local Muslim community — assures that he is not
advocating the practice in the West. The question is not just of academic interest. A 23-
year-old Tunisian woman was stoned to death near Marseilles, France[26], in 2004.
Centre Democrat Ben Haddou[27], a member of Copenhagen’s City Council, has stated:
“It’s impossible to condemn sharia. And any secular Muslim who claims he can is lying.
Sharia also encompasses lifestyle, inheritance law, fasting and bathing. Demanding that
Muslims swear off sharia is a form of warfare against them.”
Read that statement again, and read it carefully. Muslims in the West consider it “a form
of warfare against them” if they have to live by our secular laws, not their religious laws.
Will they then also react in violent ways to this “warfare” if they don’t get their will?
Moreover, since sharia laws ultimately require the subjugation of non-Muslims, doesn’t
“freedom of religion” for Muslims essentially entail the freedom to make non-Muslims
second-rate citizens in their own countries?
Federal Treasurer Peter Costello[28] said Australian Muslim leaders need to stand up and
publicly denounce terrorism in all its forms. Mr. Costello has also backed calls by Prime
Minister John Howard for Islamic migrants to adopt Australian values. Mr. Howard caused
outrage in Australia’s Islamic community when he said Muslims needed to speak English
and show respect to women.
Hammasa Kohistani[29], the first Muslim to be crowned Miss England, warned that
“stereotyping” members of her community was leading some towards extremism. “Even
moderate Muslims are turning to terrorism to prove themselves. They think they might
as well support it because they are stereotyped anyway. It will take a long time for
communities to start mixing in more.”
So, if radical Muslims stage mass-murder attacks against non-Muslims, the non-Muslims
must not show any anger because of this, otherwise the moderate Muslims may get
insulted and become terrorists, too. Gee, isn’t it comforting to know that there is such a
sharp dividing line between moderates and radicals, and that moderate Muslims have
such an aptitude for self-criticism?
Unfortunately, Jihad-supporters are allowed to stifle Western defence capabilities by
feeding them Politically Correct propaganda. U.K. police officers were given ”diversity
training”[30] at an Islamic school southeast of London, the private Jameah Islameah
school in East Sussex, that later became the center of a terrorism investigation. The
county’s police officers visited the school as many as 15 times for training to improve
their awareness of Muslim culture and for advanced training so they could themselves
become diversity trainers.
In August 2006, following the unveiling of a plot to blow up several airliners between
Britain and the USA, Muslim leaders summoned to talks with the Government on tackling
extremism made a series of demands, which included the introduction of sharia law[31]
for family matters. Dr Syed Aziz Pasha, secretary general of the Union of Muslim
Organisations of the UK and Ireland, said: ‘We told her [the minister] if you give us
religious rights, we will be in a better position to convince young people that they are
being treated equally along with other citizens.’
As Charles Johnson[32] of blog Little Green Footballs dryly commented, this is an
interesting viewpoint: Only by receiving special treatment and instituting a medieval
religious legal code can Muslims be treated “equally.”
After the plot against the airliners was uncovered, a large number of UK Muslim groups
sent a letter with veiled threats[33] to PM Tony Blair, stating that “It is our view that
current British government policy risks putting civilians at increased risk both in the UK
and abroad,” and that the British should “change our foreign policy,” in addition to
allowing Muslims more sharia. The same thing happened after the bombs in London in
2005.
If we watch closely, we will notice that Muslims are highly organised and have prepared
long lists of demands. Every act of terrorism, or Jihad as it really is, is seen as an
opportunity to push even greater demands. Radical Muslims and moderate Muslims are
allies, not adversaries. The radicals bomb, and the moderates issue veiled threats that
“unless we get our will, more such attacks will ensue.” It’s a good cop, bad cop game.
It is true that Jihad is not exclusively about violence, but it is very much about the
constant threat of violence. Just like you don’t need to beat a donkey all the time to
make it go where you want it to, Muslims don’t have to hit non-Muslims continuously.
They bomb or kill every now and then, to make sure that the infidels are always properly
submissive and know who’s boss.
Sadly, they frequently tend to get their will, and the donkey, or as in this case, the
British, do what the Muslims want. A hospital in northwest England has introduced a new
surgical gown modelled on the burka[34], allowing female Muslim patients to cover
themselves completely. The blue “Inter-Faith Gown” is the first of its type in Britain and
has being tried out at the Royal Preston Hospital.
Professor Moshe Sharon[35] teaches Islamic History at the Hebrew University, Jerusalem.
He gives this description of how a temporary truce, a hudna, is used as an Islamic
strategy against infidels:
“Peace in Islam can exist only within the Islamic world; peace can only be between Moslem
and Moslem.” “With the non-Moslem world or non-Moslem opponents, there can be only
one solution - a cease fire until Moslems can gain more power. It is an eternal war until the
end of days. Peace can only come if the Islamic side wins. The two civilisations can only
have periods of cease-fires.”
“A few weeks after the Oslo agreement was signed, [Palestinian leader] Arafat went to
Johannesburg, and in a mosque there he made a speech in which he apologised, saying,
“Do you think I signed something with the Jews which is contrary to the rules of Islam?”
Arafat continued, “That’s not so. I’m doing exactly what the prophet Mohammed did.”
“What Arafat was saying was, “Remember the story of Hodaybiya.” The prophet had
made an agreement there with the tribe of Kuraish for 10 years. But then he trained
10,000 soldiers and within two years marched on their city of Mecca. He, of course,
found some kind of pretext.”
I have earlier quoted how even Norwegian diplomat and United Nation’s envoy Terje Röd-
Larsen[36], a key player during the Oslo Peace Process in the 1990s, later admitted that
“Arafat lied all the time.”
The Arabs never wanted a peace with Israel. They wanted to buy time until they were
strong enough to win. The peace overtures by the Israelis were interpreted as a sign of
weakness. The so-called Treaty of Hudaybiyya, signed while Muhammad and his
supporters were not yet strong enough to conquer Mecca, has become a standard for
Islamic relations with non-Muslims ever since.
Sharon states that “Thus, in Islamic jurisdiction, it became a legal precedent which states
that you are only allowed to make peace for a maximum of 10 years. Secondly, at the
first instance that you are able, you must renew the jihad [thus breaking the “peace”
agreement].” “What makes Islam accept cease-fire? Only one thing - when the enemy is
too strong. It is a tactical choice.”
Furthermore, the Islamic world has not only the attitude of open war. There’s also war by
infiltration, as we can see in Western countries now. Is there a possibility to end this
dance of war? According to Moshe Sharon, the answer is, “No. Not in the foreseeable
future. What we can do is reach a situation where for a few years we may have relative
quiet.”
As Jihad Watch Board Vice President Hugh Fitzgerald says[37] of moderate Muslims:
“They are still people who call themselves Muslims, and we, the Infidels, have no idea
what this will cause them, or could cause them, to do in the future. We likewise have no
idea what their children, or their grandchildren will see as their responsibility as Muslims.
The “moderate” Muslim today may be transformed into an “immoderate” Muslim, or his
descendants could be if he does not make a complete break and become an apostate. All
over the West now we see the phenomenon of Muslim children who are more devout and
observant than their parents.”
This is, unfortunately, very true. In November 2005, an intelligence study obtained by
Canada’s National Post[38] said that a “high percentage” of the Canadian Muslims
involved in extremist activities were home-grown and born in Canada, a marked shift
from the past when they were mostly refugees and immigrants: “There does not appear
to be a single process that leads to extremism; the transformation is highly individual.
Once this change has taken place, such individuals move on to a series of activities,
ranging from propaganda and recruiting, to terrorist training and participation in
extremist operations.”
Hugh Fitzgerald wonders how many of our Muslim immigrants will be truly moderate.
How many of them “will turn out to be like Ayaan Hirsi Ali? One out of 20? One out of
100? One out of 1,000? One out of 100,000? How many of the men will turn out to be
like Magdi Allam in Italy, or like Bassam Tibi in Germany? How many Ibn Warraqs and Ali
Sinas, or converts to Christianity such as Walid Shoebat, are there likely to be in any
population of, say, 1000 Muslim immigrants? Should the Western world admit a million
immigrants, or permit them to remain, because a few of them see the light?”
“Let Muslims remain within Dar al-Islam. Let the Infidels do everything they can to first
learn themselves, and then to show Muslims that they understand (so that Muslims will
then have to begin to recognise) that the political, economic, social, intellectual, and
moral failures of Islamic societies, both within Dar al-Islam and in Dar al-Harb, are
directly related to, and arise out of, Islam itself.”
Youssef Ibrahim[39] of the New York Sun is tired of the silence from the Muslim majority:
“Hardly any Muslim groups, moderate or otherwise, voiced public disapproval of [Dutch
Islamic critic Theo] van Gogh’s murder except in the most formulaic way.” “In Islam,
“silence is a sign of acceptance,” as the Arabic Koranic saying goes.” “The question that
hangs in the air so spectacularly now — particularly as England has been confronted once
again by British Muslims plotting to kill hundreds — is this: What exactly are the
Europeans waiting for before they round up all those Muslim warriors and their families
and send them back to where they came from?”
A just question, which increasing numbers of Europeans are asking, too. A big part of the
answer lies in the elaborate Eurabian, pro-Islamic networks that have been built up by
stealth over decades, and hardly ever debated by European media. Besides, it’s
embarrassing for Western political leaders, who have championed multiculturalism for a
long time, to admit that they have made a terrible mistake that is now threatening the
very survival of their countries.
It is possible that those Western countries where the infidels are strong enough will copy
the Benes Decrees from Czechoslovakia in 1946, when most of the so-called Sudeten
Germans, some 3.5 million people, had shown themselves to be a dangerous fifth column
without any loyalty to the state. The Czech government thus expelled them from its land.
As Hugh Fitzgerald of Jihad Watch has demonstrated, there is a much better case for a
Benes Decree for parts of the Muslim population in the West now than there ever was for
the Sudeten Germans.
The most civilised thing we can do in order to save ourselves as a civilisation, but also to
limit the loss of life among both Muslims and non-Muslims in what increasingly looks like
a world war, is for Westerners and indeed non-Muslims in general to implement a policy
of containment of the Islamic world, as suggested by Mr. Fitzgerald. This includes
completely stopping Muslim immigration, but also by making our countries Islam-
unfriendly, thus presenting the Muslims already here between the options of adapting to
our societies or leaving if they desire sharia law. Even whispering about Jihad should be
grounds for expulsion and revoking citizenship.
I have compared Islam to the movie “The Matrix,” where people are turned into slaves by
living in a make-believe reality designed to keep them in chains. In the movie, everybody
who hasn’t been completely unplugged from this artificial reality is potentially an agent
for the system. I have gradually come to the conclusion that this is the sanest way to
view Muslims, too.
Some would argue that it is a crime and a betrayal of our own values to argue for
excluding Muslims from our countries or even expelling some of the ones who are already
here. I disagree. The relatively small number of Muslims we have in the West now has
already caused enormous damage to our economy, to our culture and not the least to our
freedoms. The real crime, and the real betrayal, would be to sacrifice centuries of
advances in human freedom as well as the future of our children and grandchildren to
appease Muslims who contribute virtually nothing to our societies and are hostile to their
very foundations.
As I have demonstrated above, it is perfectly accepted, and widely practiced, by Jihadist
Muslims to lie to non-Muslims about their true agenda. I have also demonstrated that the
relationship between radicals and so-called moderates is a lot closer than we would like
to think. At best, they share the goals of establishing sharia around the world, and differ
only over the means to achieve this goal. At worst, they are allies in a good cop, bad cop
game to extort concession after concession from the infidels. Moreover, even those who
genuinely are moderate and secular in their approach may later change, or their children
may change. This can be triggered by almost anything, either something in the news or a
crisis in their personal lives, which will create a desire to become a better, more pious
Muslim. The few remaining moderates can easily be silenced by violence from their more
ruthless, radical counterparts.
At the end of the day, what counts isn’t the difference, if any, between moderate Muslims
and radical Muslims, but between Muslims and non-Muslims, and between Muslims and
ex-Muslims. Ibn Warraq says that there may be moderate Muslims, but Islam itself is not
moderate. He is probably right. As he writes in the book Leaving Islam — Apostates
Speak Out, a unique collection of testimonials by former Muslims, ex-Muslims are the
only ones who know what it’s all about, and we would do well to listen to their Cassandra
cries.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/09/why-we-cannot-rely-on-moderate-muslims.html
1. http://www.danielpipes.org/article/3437
2. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=15442&only
3. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=22323&only
4. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/003681.php
5. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/001493.php
6. http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?apage=1&cid=1132475689987&pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull
7. http://www.meforum.org/article/603
8. http://www.humanevents.com/article.php?id=5888
9. http://www.freeman.org/m_online/dec97/phares.htm
10. http://service.spiegel.de/cache/international/0,1518,432746,00.html
11. http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,20867,20343178-1702,00.html
12. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=22894
13. http://www.praguepost.com/P03/2006/Art/0302/news2.php
14. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1247400.ece
15. http://www.laweekly.com/index.php?option=com_lawcontent&task=view&id=12921&Itemid=47
16. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/005611.php
17. http://memri.org/bin/articles.cgi?Page=archives&Area=sd&ID=SP65504
18. http://www.uriasposten.net/?p=3335
19. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=16866&only
20. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=8863&only
21. http://www.bernama.com/oicsummit/speechr.php?id=35&cat=BI
22. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/012919.php
23. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/008617.php
24. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/005957.php
25. http://www.nzherald.co.nz/section/story.cfm?c_id=1&objectid=10334250
26. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/003883.php
27. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/83873.html
28. http://www.theage.com.au/news/national/muslim-anger-erupts-at-costello-call-to-renounce-terrorism/2006/09/03/1157222007392.html
http://51.501.-0.096subf94:OWgwvkp618746656659УК
29. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/news.html?in_article_id=403010&in_page_id=1770
30. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=22425&only
31. http://50.868.4.329subf52:ISpllev132873183786AЈ
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/news.html?in_article_id=400605&in_page_id=1770&ct=5
32. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=22113&only
33. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4786159.stm
34. http://www.breitbart.com/news/2006/09/05/060905132119.i7c4tz8n.html
35. http://www.faithfreedom.org/Articles/MosheSharon40214 .htm
36. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/lgf-search.php?searchWith=lgf&searchString=terje+roed-larsen&doSearch=search
37. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/012991.php
38. http://www.canada.com/national/nationalpost/news/story.html?id=cb4b3799-46b2-4bff-b42e-852d05978222&page=1
39. http://www.nysun.com/article/38586?page_no=2
2.51 Is Islam Compatible With Democracy?
“I will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve. Therefore strike off their heads
and strike off every fingertip of them.” - The Koran, 8.12[1]
“Allah’s Apostle said, ‘I have been made victorious with terror (cast in the hearts of the
enemy)’” - Hadith of Bukhari[2], Volume 4, Book 52, Number 220
“He who strikes terror into others is himself in continual fear.” - Claudian, Roman poet
Occasionally I get annoyed over the fact that I am compelled to spend significant
amounts of my time refuting Islam, an ideology that is flawed to the core and should be
totally irrelevant in the 21st century. But then I try to see it from a positive angle: The
good part about our confrontation with Islam is that it forces us to deal with flaws in our
own civilisation. It has already exposed a massive failure in our education system and
our media, both filled with anti-Western sentiments and ideological nonsense. These
legacies from the Western Cultural Revolution[3] of the 1960s and 70s have left us
unable to recognise the Islamic threat for what it is. Thus, when we are confronted now
with the question of whether or not Islam is compatible with democracy, we also have to
ask under what conditions a democratic system is able to function.
What are the strengths and weaknesses of a democratic system? What is “freedom” and
“liberty,” and does universal suffrage automatically equal liberty? Democracy could briefly
be defined as the ability of the people of a state or political entity to genuinely influence
the policies of their government by non-violent means. However, this is abstract; we
need a more detailed definition to pin down the reality. In the Athenian city-state of
ancient Greece, voting rights included all citizens, perhaps one tenth of the population of
the city. Plato’s description of democracy in The Republic is close to anarchy. He rightly
points out some inherent weaknesses in the democratic model; no doubt influenced by
the fate of his teacher Socrates. Socrates made many enemies by criticising those
Athenians who, by means of cheap rhetoric, used democracy to gain power. His courage
in speaking out led to his trial, in which his accusers claimed that he was corrupting the
young. Found guilty, Socrates was sentenced to drinking poison. This experience led Plato
to conclude that Athens’ democracy was an unjust form of government.
Plato envisioned a just government as one which was ruled by educated philosophers or
by a philosopher-king. In his famous “Myth of the Cave,” people are chained in a cave
with a fire behind them. When others pass in front of the fire, they can see shadows on
the cave wall, and falsely believe that these shadows represent reality. According to
Plato, the purpose of the ruler should be to enlighten the masses and show them the
truth behind these shadowy images.
In Politics[4], Aristotle, too, was critical of the democratic system. He described the
various models of ruling thus:
“Of forms of government in which one rules, we call that which regards the common
interests, monarchy; that in which more than one, but not many, rule, aristocracy (and it
is so called, either because the rulers are the best men, or because they have at heart
the best interests of the state and of the citizens). But when the citizens at large
administer the state for the common interest, the government is called a polity. And
there is a reason for this use of language.
“Of the above-mentioned forms, the perversions are as follows: of monarchy, tyranny; of
aristocracy, oligarchy; of polity, democracy. For tyranny is a kind of monarchy which has
in view the interest of the monarch only; oligarchy has in view the interest of the
wealthy; democracy, of the needy: none of them the common good of all. Tyranny, as I
was saying, is monarchy exercising the rule of a master over the political society;
oligarchy is when men of property have the government in their hands; democracy, the
opposite, when the indigent, and not the men of property, are the rulers.”
Although the potential for abuse of power and tyranny is indeed there in the democratic
model, this potential exists in other forms of government, too. What Plato failed to see
was that it could be possible to institute constraints on democracy that would limit some
of its potential downsides, although not eliminate them completely. The American
Founding Fathers, too, were skeptical of “democracy” in the meaning of unconstrained
direct democracy, which they, like Plato, perceived could quickly disintegrate into mob
rule. They outlined a constitutional Republic with indirect, representative democracy
defined by a constitution. Citizens would be governed by the rule of law, thus protecting
the minority from abuse and the potential tyranny of the majority. John Adams defined
this as “a government of laws, and not of men.”
The Constitution of the United States was inspired by the French Enlightenment thinker
Montesquieu, famous for his theory of the separation of powers into branches: The
executive, the legislature, and the judiciary, with checks and balances among them. The
USA has strong separation of powers, whereas many European countries typically have
parliamentary democracies with weaker separation, since the executive branch, the
government, is dependent on the legislature. Democracy strengthened by such
constraints and individual rights has worked reasonably well, but like all other human
inventions it isn’t perfect. The system still has its critics. In How the West Was Lost[5],
author Alexander Boot outlines what he thinks ails the modern West. It is a provocative
book. I disagree with some of his criticism of post-Enlightenment civilisation in general,
but Boot is articulate and original; some of his points about the nature of the modern
state are worth contemplating.
For example, he says, “The word ‘democracy’ in both Greece and Rome had no one man
one vote implications and Plato used it in the meaning of ‘mob rule.’ The American
founding fathers never used it at all and neither did Lincoln. (…) a freely voting French
citizen or British subject of today has every aspect of his life controlled, or at least
monitored, by a central government in whose actions he has little say. He meekly hands
over half his income knowing the only result of this transfer will be an increase in the
state’s power to extort even more. (...) He opens his paper to find yet again that the
‘democratic’ state has dealt him a blow, be that of destroying his children’s education,
raising his taxes, devastating the army that protects him, closing his local hospital or
letting murderers go free. In short, if one defines liberty as a condition that best enables
the individual to exercise his freedom of choice, then democracy of universal suffrage is
remiss on that score.”
Boot also warns against the increasing prevalence of Politically Correct censorship
through hate speech laws: “Laws against racism are therefore not even meant to punish
criminal acts. They are on the books to reassert the power of the state to control not just
the citizens’ actions but, more important, their thoughts and the words they use to get
these across. (…) A state capable of prosecuting one person for his thoughts is equally
capable of prosecuting thousands, and will predictably do so when it has consolidated its
power enough to get away with any outrage. (…) It is relatively safe to predict that, over
the next ten years, more and more people in Western Europe and North America will be
sent to prison not for something they have done, but for something they have said.”
Lee Harris[6], the author of The Suicide of Reason, wonders what were the necessary
conditions for the growth of modern reason. This was the question taken up by Johann
Herder:
“What kind of culture was necessary in order to produce a critical thinker like Immanuel
Kant himself? When Kant, in his Critique of Pure Reason, methodically demolished all the
traditional proofs for the existence of God, why wasn’t he torn limb from limb in the streets
of Königsburg by outraged believers?”
Cynics would argue that they simply didn’t understand his eight hundred page thesis,
which isn’t exactly light reading, as those who have attempted to digest his writings can
testify. Although Kant had the freedom to do this in 18th-century Europe, he would
probably have been killed had he attempted the same thing in the Islamic world, which is
one of the reasons why the Scientific and Industrial Revolutions took place in the West,
and not under Islam.
So how do we treat freethinkers asking sensitive questions in the 21st century West? In
my own country, the Ombud for Gender Equality recently became The Equality and Anti-
discrimination Ombud. Its duties include combating “discriminatory speech” and negative
statements about other cultures and religions. If accused of such discrimination, one has
to mount proof of innocence. In effect, this institution is a secular or Multicultural
Inquisition: the renunciation of truth in favor of an ideological lie. Galileo Galilei faced the
same choice during the Inquisition four hundred years earlier. The Multicultural
Inquisition may not threaten to kill you, but it does threaten to kill your career, and that
goes a long way in achieving the same result, whether your crime is claiming that the
earth moves around the sun or that not all cultures are equal.
Has liberty regressed during the past two hundred years? How was it possible that
Immanuel Kant, who lived in a German state without liberal democracy, could criticise
basic aspects of religion in the 18th century, while in the West of the 21st century there
are social and legal consequences for criticising other religions and cultures? It is a
mistake to assume that liberty (in the meaning of freedom of speech and conscience)
derives of necessity from a democracy of universal suffrage. Do we need a new
Enlightenment to fill the vacuum formed by the fall of Political Correctness?
I have made a list of suggested conditions for a functioning democratic system:
• There must be a demos. That is, there must be a group of people with a shared pre-
political loyalty. This common understanding would include mutual identification and trust
between leaders who implement policies and the general public. There must be sanctions in
place to allow the demos to hold accountable or remove incompetent or corrupt officials.
The growth of supranational institutions has weakened the connections between the
members of the elite and the nation states they are supposed to serve. The demos has
been attenuated by both multiculturalism and mass immigration.
• In the demos, there has to be true freedom of speech. There have to be genuine debates
about crucial issues. For a combination of reasons, this process is now severely curtailed in
many Western countries. Activists on the Left demand formal and informal censorship of
sensitive issues. Meanwhile, the media isn’t functioning as a counterweight to the political
elites because it frequently is in lockstep with these elites.
• In the demos, there should be no significant Muslim presence. Islam is toxic to a
democratic society for several reasons, which I will explore later. One is the possibility of
physical attack against anybody who criticises the Islamic agenda. The fear thus
engendered destroys any possibility of a free, civil public discourse. Another is the
resentment generated by Muslim demands for separate laws and “special treatment,”
demands which are driven by an inherent sense of entitlement. Finally, there is the
harassment of non-Muslims, even those who do not criticise Islam. This aggressive
behaviour is always part and parcel of Jihad.
• The territorial entity where the demos lives must control its own borders. A nation that fails
to discriminate between citizens and non-citizens, between members and non-members of
the demos, will cease to function.
What is disturbing about this list is that in the West - particularly Western Europe - few of
these conditions remain. We are no longer citizens; we are subjects, mere spectators to
destinies others have chosen for us. We are citizens only if we have genuine influence
over how our tax money is spent. We are subjects when we just pay taxes while others
decide what to do with this money.
The control of borders and the sovereignty of nation states are linked to the list above.
Democratic decisions are meaningless if they can be overruled by an external authority.
This notion of sovereignty is being challenged all over the Western world both through
the United Nations and through the ascendence of international law. Sovereignty is
clearly not present in much of Europe, where seventy percent or more of all laws passed
are federal EU laws. Democratically elected national parliaments have been reduced to
insignificance. It is thus possible to argue that Western European countries are no longer
distinct democracies, nor are they part of the “Free World” in any meaningful sense.
Europeans thus have universal suffrage, but we don’t have genuine democracy and we
certainly don’t have true liberty.
Why is the European Union not democratic? One element is its sheer size; another is the
massive bureaucracy that has grown up around it. As F.A. Hayek writes in The Road to
Serfdom[7]:
“Least of all shall we preserve democracy or foster its growth if all the power and most of
the decisions rest with an organisation far too big for the common man to survey or
comprehend. Nowhere has democracy ever worked well without a great measure of local
self-government, providing a school of political training for the people at large as much as
for their future leaders. It is only where responsibility can be learnt and practised in affairs
with which most people are familiar, where it is awareness of one’s neighbour rather than
some theoretical knowledge of the needs of other people which guides action, that the
ordinary man can take a real part in public affairs because they concern the world he
knows. Where the scope of the political measures becomes so large that the necessary
knowledge is almost exclusively possessed by the bureaucracy, the creative impulses of the
private person must flag.”
It can’t all be about size, since the system has worked somewhat better in the United
States. The most important reason for this democratic deficit in Europe is the lack of any
formal constraints on the power of leading EU organs. In 2006[8], for the twelfth year in
a row the European Court of Auditors, the EU’s official financial watchdog, refused to
approve the EU budget because it was so full of fraud and errors[9]. Half the project
budgets approved by the European Commission were inadequately monitored.
This story of fraudulence was largely ignored by Europe’s media. The powerful European
Commission is the EU’s “government,” and thus the government of nearly half a billion
people from Hungary to Britain and from Finland to Spain, yet it can release accounts
with massive flaws for over a decade straight. Such lack of oversight would have been
unthinkable in the USA. The EU Commission gets away with it because it is largely
unaccountable to anyone and was intentionally structured to operate this way in the first
place. Just like the Politburo of the former Soviet Union, the EU Commission is not
subject to any real checks and balances.
It is obviously easier to establish democracy in a small and transparent nation state than
in a larger one. However, Sweden - the Western country where people pay the highest
tax rates - is also arguably the most politically repressed nation and has the least real
freedom of speech. Sweden’s problem is not its geographical size, but the bloated state
apparatus. Perhaps limitations on bureaucracy, government influence and intrusion are
crucial for a functioning democracy, too. In a traditional pre-modern state, the ruler
might not always have ruled with your consent, but he largely left you alone as long as
you paid your taxes. Not so in our modern democratic nations. Our schools are
increasingly filled with courses disparaging our own indigenous cultural heritage while
they praise Islamic “tolerance.” We are barred from bringing up our own children and
instilling in them our values. Is this liberty?
Øystein Djupedal[10], former Minister of Education and Research in Norway’s Socialist
Leftist Party, stated in public that: “I think that it’s simply a mistaken view of child-
rearing to believe that parents are the best to raise children. Children need a village, said
Hillary Clinton. But we don’t have that. The village of our time is the kindergarten.”
Following public reactions, he later retracted this statement. Critics would claim that the
government treats the entire country as a kindergarten. The Ministry of Education and
Research in Norway is responsible for nursery education, primary and lower secondary
education, day-care facilities for school children, upper secondary education and
institutions of higher education such as universities. In other words, one bureaucracy
controls everything Norwegians learn from kindergarten through the doctoral level.
There is a crucial reason why the European Union isn’t democratic: There is no European
demos. Most people in Europe identify themselves as Italian, Spanish, Dutch or Polish.
The notion of being a European is at best a very distant second. In contrast, United
States citizens consider themselves Americans, although multiculturalism encourages
dual identities, in which individuals are African-American, Asian-American etc. This
tribalisation represents a critical long-term challenge to the continued quality of American
democracy. It is conceivable that the backlash could cause the country to fall apart if the
white majority, too, decides to view itself as a tribal group of European-Americans. Mr.
Carl I. Hagen[11] of the right-wing Progress Party criticised the choice of a foreign citizen
to head Norway’s immigration agency. Eva Joly, a Norwegian born French magistrate,
known in France for her crusade against corruption, disagreed with Hagen: “To assume
that nationality or citizenship have anything to do with being suitable [for a job] is a very
old-fashioned way of thinking. We are no longer thinking in national terms, but in
European or global terms. It is a duty to employ people from other countries,” said Joly.
She has been granted both Norwegian and French citizenship, but considers herself
European.
When we elect people to important positions, we want them to take care of our interests,
not ephemeral “global interests.” How can we rely on the people entrusted to work for us
if they openly state that they don’t feel any loyalty towards our country? According to
British philosopher Roger Scruton, members of our liberal elite may be immune to
xenophobia, but there is an equal fault which they exhibit in abundance, which is
oikophobia, the repudiation and fear of home.
In his book The West and the Rest: Globalization and the Terrorist Threat, Scruton
believes that what characterises the West is our idea of the personal state[12]:
“The personal state is characterised by a constitution, by a rule of law, and by a rotation of
office-holders. Its decisions are collectively arrived at by a process that may not be wholly
democratic, but which nevertheless includes every citizen and provides the means whereby
each citizen can adopt the outcome as his own. Personal states have an inherent preference
for negotiation over compulsion and for peace over war. [The personal state] is answerable
to its citizens, and its decisions can be imputed to them not least because they, as citizens,
participate in the political process.”
For this democratic process to work there has to be a loyalty and identity that precedes
political allegiance. We must have a community that has primary common interests. This
has no real counterpart in Islamic countries, where the ideal is the global Ummah and the
Caliphate. Concepts such as the nation state or territorial integrity have no equivalent in
Islamic jurisprudence, which helps explain why democracy is so hard to establish in
Muslim countries.
Scruton notes, however, that the Western personal state is now under pressure from two
directions. Supranational institutions are destroying the sense of membership from
above, while massive immigration without assimilation is destroying it from below. The
European Union, among others, “is rapidly destroying the territorial jurisdictions and
national loyalties that have, since the Enlightenment, formed the basis of European
legitimacy, while putting no new form of membership in their place.” And although it
makes sense for individuals travelling from Third World countries to settle in the West,
they may thus unwittingly contribute to destroying what they came to enjoy the benefits
of in the first place:
“The political and economic advantages that lead people to seek asylum in the West are the
result of territorial jurisdiction. Yet territorial jurisdictions can survive only if borders are
controlled. Transnational legislation, acting together with the culture of repudiation, is
therefore rapidly undermining the conditions that make Western freedoms durable.”
Scruton comments that for the first time in centuries Islam appears to be “a single
religious movement united around a single goal,” and that “one major factor in producing
this unwonted unity is Western civilisation and the process of globalisation that it has set
in motion.” According to him, this is a result of “Western prosperity, Western legal
systems, Western forms of banking, and Western communications that human initiatives
now reach so easily across frontiers to affect the lives and aspirations of people all over
the globe.”
Thus we have the irony in which “Western civilisation depends on an idea of citizenship
that is not global at all, but rooted in territorial jurisdiction and national loyalty.” By
contrast, Islam, which has been until recently remote from the Western world, is founded
on an ideal “which is entirely global in its significance.” Globalisation, therefore, “offers
militant Islam the opportunity that it has lacked since the Ottoman retreat from central
Europe.” It has brought into existence “a true Islamic umma, which identifies itself across
borders in terms of a global form of legitimacy, and which attaches itself like a parasite to
global institutions and techniques that are the by-products of Western democracy.”
Scruton raises some difficult questions: Does globalisation make it easier for Muslims to
realise the idea of a global Islamic community, which has always been an ideal but far
from a practical reality? Does it also put pressure on the territorial integrity of coherent
nation states? If so, does globalisation strengthen Islam while it weakens Western
democracy? These questions are difficult to think about, but for the sake of survival we
need to ask them and find an honest answer.
Globalisation doesn’t necessarily mean that Islam will win. In the long run, it is quite
possible that mass communications and the exposure to criticism will destroy Islam, but
it could ironically make it more dangerous in the short term.
Is Islam compatible with democracy? Justice Minister Piet Hein Donner[13] strongly
disagrees with a plea for a ban on parties seeking to launch Islamic law in the
Netherlands. “For me it is clear: if two-thirds of the Dutch population should want to
introduce the sharia tomorrow, then the possibility should exist.”
This dilemma can be solved by stating the following: Our goal is not democracy in itself,
meaning elections and one man one vote, but freedom of conscience and speech, respect
for property rights and minorities, the right to bear arms and self-defence, equality
before the law and the rule of law - and by that I mean secular law - in addition to such
principles as formal constraints on the power of the rulers and the consent of the people.
Free elections may be a means of achieving this end, but it is not the end in itself. We
shouldn’t confuse the tools with the primary goal.
Two central concepts in sharia are the notions of “blasphemy” and “apostasy,” both
incurring the death penalty. These laws are incompatible with the ancient Western ideas
of freedom of conscience and of speech. Thus, sharia is anathema to the goals of
democracy. Sharia is also hostile to equality before the law, since Islamic law is based on
the fundamental inequality between Muslims and non-Muslims, men and women, free
men and slaves. Moreover, it does not provide any protection for minorities, since non-
Muslims are supposed to be unarmed and their lives and property subject to the whims
of Muslims at any given moment. Although Islam does contain the vague Koranic notion
of shura, consultation, this has never been formalised or concretised, which means that
there are no formal constraints on the power of the ruler under sharia. The only thing an
Islamic ruler may not do is openly to reject Islam.
According to Salim Mansur[14], associate professor of political science at the University
of Western Ontario, Canada, “Democracy is in a cultural sense an expression of the
liberal modern world that situates the individual as the moral center of politics and
society. (…) It is the idea of the inalienable rights located in the individual, rights that
need to be protected, nurtured, and allowed the fullest unhindered expression that
makes democracy so morally distinctive from other cultural systems. From this liberal
perspective, the common error about democracy is to view it as a majority system of
governance. In a democracy based on individual rights, on the contrary, it is the
protection of the rights of minorities and dissidents that reflect the different nature of
politics within the larger context of democratic culture.”
This definition is opposed to an illiberal democracy, which is “similar to what Samuel E.
Finer, a professor of politics and government, wrote about in Comparative Government as
‘façade democracy,’ a bowing of the head to the idea of democracy by the tiny elite of
those in power as a means to enhance their legitimacy and perpetuate their authority.”
One great obstacle to establishing democracy in this cultural sense in Muslim countries is
that Muslims have been taught from birth that non-Muslims can’t be expected to enjoy
the same kind of rights as Muslims do.
The Wall Street Journal ran a piece[15] entitled “Reviving Mideastern Democracy: We
Arabs Need the West’s Help to Usher in a New Liberal Age.” It was written by Saad Eddin
Ibrahim, chairman of the board of the Ibn Khaldun Center for Development Studies in
Cairo, who has been jailed several times for his pro-democracy work in Egypt. Mr.
Ibrahim thinks the prospects for democracy in the Middle East are surprisingly good:
“In previous decades, authoritative voices said that Germany, Japan, Slavic countries and
even Catholic societies would never, could never, be democratic. I am not speaking of
popular prejudices here, but of high-level scholarship and expert consensus. Batteries of
learned naysayers honestly believed that there was something about German, Japanese or
Slavic culture, or about Catholicism, that was fundamentally and unchangeably hostile to
democracy and democratic values. . . .”
But in the words of the celebrated 14th century historian Ibn Khaldun himself: “in the
Muslim community, the holy war is a religious duty, because of the universalism of the
Muslim mission and (the obligation to) convert everybody to Islam either by persuasion
or by force.” In Islam, says Ibn Khaldun, the person in charge of religious affairs is
concerned with “power politics,” because Islam is “under obligation to gain power over
other nations” (Muqaddimah[16], trans. Rosenthal, p. 183).
As Robert Spencer commented, “Those are not words of openness, tolerance, and
democracy. And they are still widely held in the Muslim world.”
Ibn Khaldun wrote about Christians: “We do not think that we should blacken the pages
of this book [Muqaddimah] with discussion of their [Christian] dogmas of unbelief. In
general, they are well known. All of them are unbelief. This is clearly stated in the noble
Koran. To discuss or argue those things with them is not up to us. It is for them to
choose between conversion to Islam, payment of the poll tax, or death.”
According to Dr. Andrew Bostom in his book The Legacy of Jihad (page 29), “In The Laws
of Islamic Governance al-Mawardi (d. 1058), also examines the regulations pertaining to
the lands and infidel (i.e., non-Muslim) populations subjugated by jihad. This is the origin
of the system of dhimmitude. The native infidel population had to recognise Islamic
ownership of their land, submit to Islamic law, and accept payment of the poll tax (jizya).
Al-Mawardi highlights the most significant aspect of this consensus view of the jizya in
classical Islamic jurisprudence: the critical connection between jihad and payment of the
jizya. He notes that “[t]he enemy makes a payment in return for peace and
reconciliation.” Al-Mawardi then distinguishes two cases: (1) Payment is made
immediately and is treated like booty, however “it does, however, not prevent a jihad
being carried out against them in the future” (2) Payment is made yearly and will
“constitute an ongoing tribute by which their security is established.” Reconciliation and
security last as long as the payment is made. If the payment ceases, then the jihad
resumes.”
There are also other limitations on dhimmis. In 2005[17] it was announced that the first
Christian church in Qatar since the 7th century was to be built on land donated by the
reform-minded Emir. The church will not have a spire or freestanding cross, in
accordance with traditional dhimmi laws where Christians are forbidden to display
crosses. Clive Handford, the Nicosia-based Anglican Bishop in Cyprus and the Gulf, said:
“We are there as guests in a Muslim country and we wish to be sensitive to our hosts ...
but once you’re inside the gates it will be quite obvious that you are in a Christian
center.” Christianity was eradicated from most Gulf Arab states within a few centuries of
the arrival of Islam.
Even in Malaysia[18], one Muslim majority country frequently hailed as “moderate and
tolerant,” hundreds of Hindu worshippers watched in horror as workers, mostly Muslims,
brought down the roof of their temple and smashed the deities that immigrant Indian
workers had brought with them. “We are poor and our only comfort is our temples and
now we are losing that also,” Kanagamah said in Tamil, the language spoken by ethnic
Indians who form eight percent of Malaysia’s 26 million people and mostly follow
Hinduism.
“The demolitions are indiscriminate, unlawful and against all constitutional guarantees of
freedom of worship,” according to human rights lawyer P. Uthayakumar. He said temples
are demolished by the authorities as illegal structures but the same authorities make it
impossible for devotees to get a permit. He cited the case of a Catholic church nearby
which got a permit to build a church after 30 years of trying. “What does this say about
freedom of worship?” he asked. Well, it says that Muslim authorities are still operating
according to the classic provision of the dhimmi laws, that non-Muslims must not build
new houses of worship or repair old ones.
According to Sita Ram Goel[18], Imam Hanifa “had recommended that Hindus, though
idolaters, could be accepted as a ‘People of the Book’ like the Jews, the Christians and
the Zoroastrians, and granted the status of zimmis. The Muslim swordsmen and
theologians in India happened to follow his school of Islamic law. That enabled them to
‘upgrade’ the ‘crow-faced infidels’ of this country to the status of zimmis. Hindus could
save their lives and some of their properties, though not their honour and places of
worship and pilgrimage, by paying jizyah and agreeing to live under highly discriminative
disabilities. The only choice which the other great Imams of Islam - Malik, Shafii and
Hanbal [the founders of the four Sunni Islamic schools of jurisprudence] - gave to the
Hindus was between Islam and death.”
From Western apologists we often hear that the “communal strife” on the Indian
subcontinent is “mutual.” If this is the case, why is it that in Pakistan non-Muslims have
been all but wiped out, and the few remaining Christians and Hindus suffer continuous
harassment and abuse? The population of Bangladesh[19] was about thirty percent non-
Muslim a few decades ago. Now that number is down to ten percent. Contrast this decline
with the fact, due to higher birthrates, the number of Muslims within the Republic of
India has actually increased during the same period. Do these statistics indicate “mutual
hostility” or simply persecution of infidels?
In Pakistan’s Sindh province there is an alarming trend: Muslims kidnap Pakistani Hindu
girls[20] and force them to convert to Islam. The worried resident Hindu community has
resorted to marrying off their daughters as soon as they are of age. Alternatively, they
migrate to India, Canada or other nations. Recently, at least 19 such abductions have
occurred in Karachi alone.
“Have you ever heard of an Indian Muslim girl being forced to embrace Hinduism[21]?
It’s Muslims winning by intimidation. It’s Muslims overcoming a culture by threatening it,
by abducting young girls so that an entire community moves out or succumbs to the
Muslim murderers,” human rights activist Hina Jillani says. Hindus and Christians in
Pakistan are looked down upon. “That is why they have to take up inferior jobs; their
chances of rising in any field are low.”
The Muslim superiority syndrome runs deep. In Milestones[22], the Egyptian Sayyid Qutb
writes about “a triumphant state which should remain fixed in the Believer’s heart” in the
face of everything. “It means to feel superior to others when weak, few and poor, as well
as when strong, many and rich.”
“When the Believer scans whatever man, ancient or modern, has known, and compares it
with his own law and system, he realises that all this is like the playthings of children or
the searchings of blind men in comparison with the perfect system and the complete law
of Islam. And when he looks from his height at erring mankind with compassion and
sympathy at its helplessness and error, he finds nothing in his heart except a sense of
triumph over error and nonsense. (…) Conditions change, the Muslim loses his physical
power and is conquered, yet the consciousness does not depart from him that he is the
most superior. If he remains a Believer, he looks upon his conqueror from a superior
position. He remains certain that this is a temporary condition which will pass away and
that faith will turn the tide from which there is no escape.”
Underlying this Muslim supremacist mentality, there is also the idea of Arab supremacy.
Again according to Qutb[23], “What are the Arabs without Islam? What is the ideology
that they gave, or they can give to humanity if they abandon Islam? The only ideology
the Arabs advanced for mankind was the Islamic faith which raised them to the position
of human leadership. If they forsake it they will no longer have any function or role to
play in human history.”
Of course, there are those who would dismiss Sayyid Qutb as “an extremist,” since his
writings such as Milestones and especially In the Shade of the Qur’an[24] have inspired
countless Jihadists since his execution at the hands of Gamal Abdel Nasser’s regime in
1966. But Qutb’s ideas about Muslim supremacy are on firm Islamic grounds.
According to Hugh Fitzgerald[25], “within Islam, a supposedly universalist religion where
all Muslims in the ummah are equal, there is a special place for the Arabs.” The Koran is
written in Arabic, and “was delivered to, given to, revealed to, the Arabs, that best of
people. That best of men, Muhammad, was an Arab, and so were the Companions. The
Qur’an itself should ideally not be read in any language other than Arabic (the Arabic in
which it was written, not in any simplified or updated version). Qur’anic recitation is in
Arabic. The students in Pakistan or Indonesia or elsewhere who pass their young lives
memorising Qur’anic passages are essentially memorising Arabic, a language that they
do not know at all, or understand most imperfectly. Yet it is 7th century Arabs, real or
imaginary, who must serve as a guide to existence. (…) In Saudi Arabia there is
apartheid: the signs ‘Muslim’ and ‘Non-Muslim’ are everywhere. But ‘Muslims’ are further
divided into Arab (first class) and non-Arab (second class). This has not escaped the
attention of the many Muslim non-Arabs who live in Saudi Arabia - or at least not the
attention of all of them.”
This Arab supremacy is underestimated by infidels as a weapon against Islam: “Part of
weakening Islam is to show many Muslims that Islam was simply an Arab invention and
export, a poisoned chalice that has lain low higher, and superior civilisations. This is likely
to resonate especially in Iran among those who have had their fill of the Islamic Republic
of Iran - that is, every thinking and morally aware person in Iran.”
In Morocco, activists complain that Berber influence[26] in political and economic life
remains limited. “We’re not Arabs, bring out the real history,” chanted hundreds of
Moroccan Berbers during Labour Day marches with slogans in their Tamazight language
and banners written in Tifinagh, the Berber script. Berbers are the original inhabitants of
North Africa, before the Arabs invaded in the seventh century. The Moroccan constitution
says the country is Arab and Islam is its religion. The proportion of Berbers is not
officially known but independent sources say they represent the majority of the
population. The total population of Berbers in the world is estimated at twenty-five
million, mainly concentrated in Algeria, Libya, Mali, Mauritania, Niger and Tunisia.
Islamic ideas about inequality are already being exported to the West. Two men were
killed in a row involving a group of second generation immigrants in Copenhagen,
Denmark, in 2005. According to imam Abu Laban[27] (who was later responsible for
whipping up hatred against his country of residence because of the now famous cartoons
of Muhammad in Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten) the thirst for revenge could be
cooled if 200,000 kroner were paid by the family of the man who fired the shots. 200,000
Danish kroner is approximately the value of 100 camels, a number based on the example
of Muhammad himself. The idea of blood money originates from the Koran, 2.178: O ye
who believe! Retaliation is prescribed for you in the matter of the murdered; the freeman
for the freeman, and the slave for the slave, and the female for the female. And for him
who is forgiven somewhat by his (injured) brother, prosecution according to usage and
payment unto him in kindness.
Politiken, a left-leaning, intellectual newspaper championing multiculturalism in Denmark,
argued that the principle of blood money might be worth considering. Luckily, they were
met by an outcry from angry citizens. There are at least two major problems with this
Islamic “justice.” The first is that it is settled between families, tribes or clans, not in a
justice system administered by the authorities where it is a matter concerning the
individuals involved, not the entire clan. We had similar tribal vendettas in the West at
one time, but we left this practice behind a long time ago, as Muslims should have done.
The biggest problem will come if this tribal system were to undermine the Western justice
system to the extent that Westerners, too, would revert to tribal law in order to protect
themselves.
Many commentators in Denmark failed to understand the worst part of the blood money
concept. Not only is it pre-modern and anti-individualistic, but the compensation to be
paid is fundamentally inegalitarian. Muslim men are the only full members of the Islamic
community. All others have fewer rights due to their religion, their sex or their slave
status.
The rates for blood money mirror this apartheid system. A Saudi court has ruled that the
value of one woman’s life is equal to that of one man’s leg. The court ordered a Saudi to
pay a Syrian expatriate blood money after he killed the man’s wife and severed both his
legs in a car accident six months earlier. The court ordered $13,300 compensation for the
man’s wife, and the same amount for each of his legs. Under Islamic law, the life of an
ex-Muslim is worth nothing at all. He is a traitor, an apostate, and can be killed with
impunity.
In the April 9, 2002 issue, The Wall Street Journal published the concept of blood money
in Saudi Arabia. If a person has been killed or caused to die by another, the latter has to
pay blood money or compensation as follows:
• 100,000 riyals if the victim is a Muslim man
• 50,000 riyals if a Muslim woman
• 50,000 riyals if a Christian man
• 25,000 riyals if a Christian woman
• 6,666 riyals if a Hindu man
• 3,333 riyals if a Hindu woman
In a Saudi school textbook[28], after the intolerance was supposedly removed, the 10th-
grade text on jurisprudence said: “Blood money for a free infidel. [Its quantity] is half of
the blood money for a male Muslim, whether or not he is ‘of the book’ or not ‘of the book’
(such as a pagan, Zoroastrian, etc).
“Blood money for a woman: Half of the blood money for a man, in accordance with his
religion. The blood money for a Muslim woman is half of the blood money for a male
Muslim, and the blood money for an infidel woman is half of the blood money for a male
infidel.”
As Ali Sina says[29], “According to this hierarchy, a Muslim man’s life is worth 33 times
that of a Hindu woman. This hierarchy is based on the Islamic definition of human rights
and is rooted in the Quran and Sharia (Islamic law). How can we talk of democracy when
the concept of equality in Islam is inexistent?”
He thinks that the Islamic system of government is akin to Fascism:
• It is marked by centralisation of authority under a supreme leader vested with divine clout.
• It has stringent socioeconomic control over all aspects of all its subjects irrespective of
their faith.
• It suppresses its opposition through terror and censorship.
• It has a policy of belligerence towards non-believers.
• It practices religious apartheid.
• It disdains reason.
• It is imperialistic.
• It is oppressive.
• It is dictatorial and
• It is controlling.
According to Sina, “Islam is political and political Islam is Fascism.”
At Ryerson University in Toronto, Canada[30], Muslims are displaying their superiority
syndrome.
The largest student group on campus, the Muslim Students’ Association, has monopolised
use of the multifaith room. Eric Da Silva, president of the Catholic Student Association,
said the group looked into using the room for mass but was told by RSU front desk staff
that the room was “permanently booked” by Muslim students. “No one is trying to take
away the space from the Muslims, we just don’t want to be stepping on their toes,” said
Da Silva. He stressed that the group found another space to hold mass and the conflict
was quickly resolved. The space, which was divided to separate males from females, had
rows taped on the floor for prayer and Islamic decorations adorning the walls, was only
accommodating to Muslims. A Canadian Federation of Students task force tackling
cultural and religious discrimination was brought to campus by members of the MSA, but
it only addressed the problem of Islamophobia.
Raymond Ibrahim[31], a research librarian at the US Library of Congress, warns in the
Los Angeles Times against giving in to Muslim supremacists:
“In the days before Pope Benedict XVI’s visit to the Hagia Sophia complex in Istanbul,
Muslims and Turks expressed fear, apprehension and rage. ‘The risk,’ according to Turkey’s
independent newspaper Vatan, ‘is that Benedict will send Turkey’s Muslims and much of the
Islamic world into paroxysms of fury if there is any perception that the pope is trying to re-
appropriate a Christian center that fell to Muslims.’ Apparently making the sign of the cross
or any other gesture of Christian worship in Hagia Sophia constitutes such a sacrilege. Built
in the 6th century, Hagia Sophia - Greek for Holy Wisdom’ - was Christendom’s greatest
and most celebrated church. After parrying centuries of jihadi thrusts from Arabs,
Constantinople - now Istanbul - was finally sacked by Turks in 1453, and Hagia Sophia’s
crosses were desecrated, its icons defaced.”
The Turks didn’t have to worry. The Pope behaved in perfect dhimmi fashion during his
visit to the formerly Greek, Christian territory now known as Turkey. Ibrahim believes
that “The West constantly goes out of its way to confirm such convictions. By criticising
itself, apologising and offering concessions - all things the Islamic world has yet to do -
the West reaffirms that Islam has a privileged status in the world.”
This blindness to the threat posed by the ingrained Islamic Superiority Syndrome has
huge consequences when trying to export “democracy” to Islamic countries such as Iraq.
In September 2005, the patriarch of Baghdad for the Chaldeans[32] told Iraqi officials
about Catholic bishops’ fears that the constitution “opens the door widely” to
discrimination against non-Muslims. Article 2.1(a) stated: “No law can be passed that
contradicts the undisputed rules of Islam.” The bishops’ statement concluded: “This
opens the door widely to passing laws that are unjust towards non-Muslims.” Glyn Ford,
British MEP, joined former Tribune editor Mark Seddon and Andy Darmoo, head of Save
the Assyrians, to sound the alarm on behalf of Assyrian Christians[33]: “Prevented from
voting in the elections, in recent months many have had their land occupied and stolen,
their churches firebombed and their families attacked. Isn’t it time that the international
community began championing the rights of Assyrians and other minorities before it is
too late?”
A group of Muslim men seized a seven year old Mandaean boy[34], from an ancient
Gnostic sect in Iraq, doused him in petrol and set him alight. As the child was being burnt
to death the Muslims were running around shouting, “Burn the dirty infidel!” “Many
women physicians have been killed, women in the police forces, reporters and
journalists,” Rajaa al-Khuzai, president of the Iraqi National Council of Women said. Now
“women are very easy targets,” especially high-profile women such as herself, she added.
This oppression of women and non-Muslims is in full accordance with Islamic sharia and
was depressingly predictable.
Although Christians made up less than four per cent of the population they formed the
largest groups of refugees arriving in Jordan’s capital Amman in the first quarter of 2006.
In Syria, forty-four percent of Iraqi asylum-seekers were recorded as Christian since
December 2003. They were fleeing killings, kidnappings and death threats. “In the
schools the children now say that a Christian is a kaffir [infidel].” The Catholic bishop of
Baghdad, Andreos Abouna, was quoted as saying that half of all Iraqi Christians have fled
the country since the 2003 US-led invasion. Some warned that in twenty years all
Christians in Iraq will be gone[35]. “It was easy for the Americans and the British to have
supported us when the churches were bombed - it was a historic opportunity - but they
did nothing. If they had supported us financially, for example, we could have protected all
the Christian families in Mosul.”
U.S. President George W. Bush[36] said he would accept it if Iraqis voted to create an
Islamic fundamentalist government in democratic elections. “I will be disappointed, but
democracy is democracy.”
Is it really equivalent, Mr. Bush?
This brings us back to Plato’s criticism of democracy as just an advanced form of mob
rule. And without any constraints, checks and balances, that definition is correct.
Benjamin Franklin said that “Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have
for lunch. Liberty is a well-armed lamb contesting the vote!” This is why he and the other
Founding Fathers wanted the USA to be a constitutional Republic, not a pure democracy.
It is strange that the United States wanted to export to Iraq a naïve concept of
democracy, one that provided too few rights and guarantees for individuals and
minorities, one that their own Founding Fathers had specifically rejected for precisely that
reason. And this did not even include an assessment of Islam, in which harassing and
persecuting minorities and suppressing individual liberty is a matter of principle.
Non-Muslims and women in Iraq are now paying with their lives[37] for that naïve
mistake.
In his Islamic Declaration from 1970, where he demanded a fully-fundamentalist Muslim
state, future Bosnian president Alija Izetbegovic[38] wrote that “A Muslim generally does
not exist as an individual. If he wishes to live and survive as a Muslim, he must create an
environment, a community, an order. He must change the world or be changed himself.
History knows of no true Islamic movement which was not at the same time a political
movement as well.”
The late American scholar of Islam, Franz Rosenthal, said that an individual Muslim “was
expected to consider subordination of his own freedom to the beliefs, morality and
customs of the group as the only proper course of behaviour. (…) The individual was not
expected to exercise any free choice as to how he wished to be governed. In general,
governmental authority admitted of no participation of the individual as such, who
therefore did not possess any real freedom vis-à-vis it.”
Iranian ex-Muslim Ali Sina[39] states that “Deindividuation is characterised by diminished
awareness of self and individuality. In Islam individuality is denied and the individual’s life
is fused with that of Umma. Deindividuation reduces an individual’s self-restraint and
normative regulation of behaviour. It contributes to the collective behaviour of violent
crowds, mindless hooligans, and the lynch mobs.” According to him, “Ironically it is the
brutality and the repressive nature of Islam, in conjunction with its absolute irrationality
that has made this doctrine successful and has allowed it to survive this long.”
But as the esteemed writer F.A. Hayek wrote in his classic The Road to Serfdom:
“What our generation is in danger of forgetting is not only that morals are of necessity a
phenomenon of individual conduct, but also that they can exist only in the sphere in which
the individual is free to decide for himself and called upon voluntarily to sacrifice personal
advantage to the observance of a moral rule. Outside the sphere of individual responsibility
there is neither goodness nor badness, neither opportunity for moral merit nor the chance
of proving one’s conviction by sacrificing one’s desires to what one thinks right. Only where
we ourselves are responsible for our own interests and are free to sacrifice them, has our
decision moral value. Neither good intentions nor efficiency of organisation can preserve
decency in a system in which personal freedom and individual responsibility are destroyed.”
A British police report[40] concluded that complaints of misconduct and corruption
against Muslim officers occur ten times more frequently than against their non-Muslim
colleagues. The report argued that since British Pakistanis live in a cash culture in which
“assisting your extended family is considered a duty” and in an environment in which
large amounts of money are loaned between relatives and friends, police officers of
Pakistani origin needed special anti-corruption training.
Only a small percentage of Pakistani citizens, and those of many other Muslim countries,
actually pay taxes. There is a philosophy that ascribes no value to the individual; the clan
is everything; the state is the enemy. This mentality underlies the behaviour of the
immigrants from these countries as they migrate, bringing with them to non-Muslim
countries the corruption and tribal violence associated with this world view.
As Ali Sina[41] says:
“Abu Hamid Al-Ghazali, (1058 - 1111 CE) is arguably the greatest Islamic scholar ever. In
his book ‘Incoherence of the Philosophers’ he bitterly denounced Aristotle, Plato, Socrates
and other Greek thinkers as non-believers and labeled those who employed their
methods and ideas as corrupters of the Islamic faith. He took aim at Avicenna [Ibn Sina,
highly influential 11th century Persian physician and philosopher] for being a rationalist
who drew intellectually upon the Ancient Greeks. By emphasising on the incompatibility
of faith and reason, and by asserting the futility of making faith subordinate to reason,
Ghazali gave validity to unreasoned faith and thus glorified stupidity.
“The Islamic rationalists such as Mutazilis placed reason above revelation. But their
school was vehemently opposed by more fervent Islamists and became extinct. They
were attacked by a group called Ashariyya to which al-Ghazali and the celebrated poet
[Jalal ad-Din or Mawlana] Rumi belonged. Rumi mocked the rationalists and in a catchy
verse that left its mark on the psyche of the gullible masses said the rationalists stand on
‘wooden legs.’”
Sina believes[42] that “Freedom of speech, freedom of beliefs, respect for the rights of
the minority and separation of religion from government are the foundations of
democracy.” The West should insist on freedom of religion and freedom of speech both at
home and abroad. “People must be allowed to criticise the views of the majority without
fearing for their lives. There can’t be democracy without freedom of expression and
without opposition. Before taking democracy to Islamic countries, let us save our own
democracy at home.”
According to another ex-Muslim, Ibn Warraq[43], “Islam is a totalitarian ideology that
aims to control the religious, social and political life of mankind in all its aspects - the life
of its followers without qualification, and the life of those who follow the so-called
tolerated religions to a degree that prevents their activities from getting in the way of
Islam in any manner. And I mean Islam. I do not accept some spurious distinction
between Islam and ‘Islamic fundamentalism’ or ‘Islamic terrorism.’ Given the totalitarian
nature of Islamic law, Islam does not value the individual, who has to be sacrificed for
the sake of the Islamic community. Collectivism has a special sanctity under Islam.”
The reason why many former Muslims such as Ali Sina and Ibn Warraq write under
pseudonyms is that in a religion that is so hostile to both individuality and freedom of
speech, there is no worse crime for a Muslim than to exercise both by criticising and
leaving Islam. Apostasy bears the penalty of death. In the book Leaving Islam -
Apostates Speak Out[44], a unique anthology by former Muslims, Ibn Warraq writes that
(p. 31):
“However, apostasy is a matter of treason and ideological treachery, which originates from
hostility and hypocrisy. The destiny of a person who has an inborn handicap is different
from the destiny of one whose hand should be cut off due to the development of a
dangerous and infectious disease. The apostasy of a Muslim individual whose parents have
also been Muslim is a very infectious, dangerous and incurable disease that appears in the
body of an ummah (people) and threatens people’s lives, and that is why this rotten limb
should be severed.”
The death penalty for apostasy from Islam is firmly rooted in Islamic texts - certainly in
the hadith, but arguably also in the Koran. The Koran 4:89 states:
“They desire that you should disbelieve as they have disbelieved, so that you might be (all)
alike; therefore take not from among them friends until they fly (their homes) in Allah’s
way; but if they turn back, then seize them and kill them wherever you find them, and take
not from among them a friend or a helper.”
Ibn Kathir’s (d. 1373) venerated tafsir (Koran commentary) on this verse concurs with
the view that 4:89 sanctions killing apostates, maintaining that as the unbelievers have
manifested their unbelief, they should be punished by death. The death penalty is
virtually beyond debate in the hadith. For example, in the most respected hadith
collections of Bukhari, Muhammad is reported to have said “Kill him who changes his
religion.”
According to Dr. Andrew G. Bostom, there is also a consensus by all four schools[45] of
Sunni Islamic jurisprudence (i.e., Maliki, Hanbali, Hanafi, and Shafi’i), as well as Shi’ite
jurists, that apostates from Islam must be put to death. Averroes, or Ibn Rushd (d.
1198), the renowned Aristotelian philosopher and scholar of the natural sciences, who
was also an important Maliki jurist in medieval Spain, provided this typical Muslim legal
opinion on the punishment for apostasy (vol. 2, p. 552):
“An apostate…is to be executed by agreement in the case of a man, because of the words
of the Prophet, ‘Slay those who change their din [religion]’…Asking the apostate to repent
was stipulated as a condition…prior to his execution.”
This is not just a matter of medieval jurisprudence. The 1991 Shafi’i manual of Islamic
Law ‘Umdat al-Salik, endorsed by the Islamic Research Academy at Al-Azhar, the most
prestigious centre of learning in Sunni Islam, states:
“Leaving Islam is the ugliest form of unbelief (kufr) and the worst…When a person who has
reached puberty and is sane voluntarily apostasises from Islam, he deserves to be killed. In
such a case, it is obligatory…to ask him to repent and return to Islam. If he does it is
accepted from him, but if he refuses, he is immediately killed.”
In 2003, the Egyptian author Dr. Nawal Al-Sa’dawi[46], known for her fervent Arab
nationalism and feminism, called for amending the Egyptian constitution and eliminating
the article that declares Islam to be the official state religion, ‘because we have among
us Copts [Egyptian Christians], and because religion is a matter between man and God
and no one has the right to impose his faith, his God and his rituals on others.” She also
said that she believes in a political and military struggle against[47] the U.S. and Israel.
The reactions to Sa’dawi’s statements were mixed, but Dr. Abd Al-Mun’im Al-Berri, former
head of The Front of Al-Azhar Clerics, explained that “we should ask her to repent within
three days, but if she persists with these ideas, she should be punished according to
what the Islamic Shari’a [religious law] determined for those who abandon Islam. The
ruler, meaning the head of state or government, should carry out the punishment.”
Sheikh Mustafa Al-Azhari explained that “the punishment for anyone who fights Allah and
His Prophet is execution, crucifixion, the amputation of opposite limbs or banishment
from earth.”
Daveed Gartenstein-Ross[48] states that “Though official proceedings against those who
reject Islam are fairly rare - in part, no doubt, because most keep their conversion a
closely held secret - apostasy is punishable by death in Afghanistan, Comoros, Iran,
Mauritania, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, and Yemen. It is also illegal in Jordan, Kuwait,
Malaysia, the Maldives, Oman, and Qatar. (…) The greatest threat to apostates in the
Muslim world derives not from the state, however, but from private individuals who take
punishment into their own hands. In Bangladesh, for example, a native-born Muslim-
turned-Christian evangelist was stabbed to death in the spring of 2003 while returning
home from a film version of the Gospel of Luke. As another Bangladeshi apostate told the
U.S. Newswire, ‘If a Muslim converts to Christianity, now he cannot live in this country. It
is not safe. The fundamentalism is increasing more and more.’”
In Britain in 2004, Prince Charles[49] brokered efforts to end the Muslim death penalty
on converts to other faiths by holding a private summit of Christian and Muslim leaders.
The Muslim group cautioned the prince and other non-Muslims against speaking publicly
on the issue. A member of the Christian group said that he was “very, very unhappy”
about the outcome. Patrick Sookhdeo, the international director of the Barnabas Fund
which campaigns on behalf of persecuted Christians abroad, urged the prince and Muslim
leaders in Britain to criticise openly the traditional Islamic law on apostasy, calling for it
to be abolished throughout the world. According to Sookhdeo, “one of the fundamental
notions of a secular society is the moral importance of freedom, of individual choice. But
in Islam, choice is not allowable: there cannot be free choice about whether to choose or
reject any of the fundamental aspects of the religion, because they are all divinely
ordained. God has laid down the law, and man must obey.”
In the London Times, Anthony Browne[50] wrote about Mr Hussein, a 39-year-old
hospital nurse in Bradford, one of a growing number of former Muslims in the West who
face not just being shunned by family and community, but attacked, kidnapped, and in
some cases killed. One estimate suggests that as many as 15 per cent of Muslims in
Western societies have lost their faith. Mr Hussein told “It’s been absolutely appalling.
This is England - where I was born and raised. You would never imagine Christians would
suffer in such a way.” The police have not charged anyone, but told him to leave the
area.
Anwar Sheikh, a former mosque teacher from Pakistan, became an atheist after coming
to Britain, and lived with a special alarm in his house in Cardiff after criticising Islam in a
series of hardline books. “I’ve had 18 fatwas against me. They telephone me - they
aren’t foolhardy enough to put it in writing. I had a call a couple of weeks ago. They
mean repent or be hanged,” he said. “What I have written, I believe and I will not take it
back. I will suffer the consequences. If that is the price, I will pay it.” Anwar Sheikh died
peacefully in his home in Wales in November 2006.
Aluma Dankowitz[51], director of the Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI)
Reform Project, writes about how the accusation against Muslims - particularly
intellectuals, artists, and writers - of “unbelief” (an accusation known as “takfir”) recurs
in the Muslim world. The traditional punishment for an apostate (murtadd) is capital
punishment, which was implemented on a large scale in the period following the death of
the Prophet Muhammad, when Muhammad’s successor Abu Bakr fought the ridda wars
against the tribes that abandoned Islam.
Sheikh Yousef Al-Qaradhawi, one of the most prominent clerics in Sunni Islam today,
draws a distinction between two types of apostasy (ridda): “Limited ridda is the ridda of
the individual who switches religion and is not interested in others. According to Islam,
the punishment for this individual is [Hell] in the world to come. But [the other] ridda,
which expands [from the individual to the group], is a ridda in which the individual who
abandons Islam calls [upon others] to do likewise, [thus creating] a group whose path is
not the path of society and whose goal is not the goal of the [Muslim] nation, and whose
allegiance is not to the Islamic nation. Such [individuals] endanger the social fabric, and
they are like the murtaddoon [apostates], who were fought by [the first Caliph] Abu Bakr
together with the Companions of the Prophet.”
In other words, those who publicly leave Islam constitute a threat to the morale of the
Islamic community, just like soldiers defecting from an army, and must thus be punished
before a mass-defection sets in. Al-Qaradhawi agrees with the traditional treatment of
Muslims who leave their religion: “For Muslim society to preserve its existence, it must
struggle against ridda from every source and in all forms, and it must not let it spread
like wildfire in a field of thorns. Thus, the Muslim sages agreed that the punishment for
the murtadd [who commits ridda] is execution.”
There is enormous social pressure in Muslim countries against expressing any kind of
doubts about the Islamic religion. Razi Azmi[52], one of the more sensible columnists of
Pakistan’s Daily Times Online newspaper, has mentioned the issue in an op-ed:
“For a moment, let us imagine a reverse scenario, a Muslim converting, say, to Christianity
or, Heaven forbid, Hinduism or Buddhism, in a Muslim country. It defies imagination. There
is unanimity among clerics from the various Islamic schools of thought that the penalty for
an apostate (murtid) is death, the only disagreement being whether the execution should
occur instantly or after the murtid has been given an opportunity to recant and return to
the fold of Islam. So sure is the punishment and so strong the attendant social and family
pressures that it is unthinkable for Muslims ever to openly question any aspect of their
religion, let alone convert to another or to practice agnosticism or atheism.”
Islam’s hostility towards freedom of speech does not apply only to Muslims, but to
anybody saying anything remotely critical of Islam, including non-Muslims. Muslims are
already busy trying to shut down freedom of speech in Western nations through legal
harassment and, increasingly, physical intimidation.
Mohammed Bouyeri[53], born in Amsterdam of Moroccan Berber parents, murdered
Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh, who had recently made a film critical of Islam together
with the Dutch-Somali former Muslim Ayaan Hirsi Ali, on the morning of Nov. 2, 2004. As
Mr. van Gogh cycled to work in Amsterdam, the bearded young man in a long Middle-
Eastern-style shirt fired at him with a handgun, chased him, shot him once more, slit his
throat from ear to ear and plunged two knives, one with a five-page letter attached, into
the body. “I did what I did purely out my beliefs,” Bouyeri told judges while clutching a
Koran, because he believed van Gogh insulted Islam.
Orientalist Hans Jansen[54] of Leiden University in The Netherlands has written an
analysis of the letter[55] which Mohammed Bouyeri left on the body of Theo van Gogh.
As he points out, “MP Ayaan Hirsi Ali (or any other MP) is not eager to die for her
membership of Parliament. Muslims such as Mohammed B. on the other hand are eager
to shed their life for what they view as the good cause, which possibly gives Islam a
tactical - strategic advantage in conflicts with others. That those who do not believe in
heavenly compensation of martyrdom rather not become martyrs is a true statement and
certainly relevant in Islam’s fight against the non-Muslims.”
A study from 2006[56] found that forty percent of the Moroccan youth in the Netherlands
rejected Western values and democracy. Six to seven percent were prepared to use force
to defend Islam. The majority were opposed to freedom of speech for offensive
statements, particularly criticism of Islam. Similar numbers could no doubt be found
among Muslims in other Western countries.
This kind of intimidation has taken its toll. In November 2006, publisher Scholastic
Australia pulled the plug on the book the Army of the Pure[57] after booksellers said they
would not stock the adventure thriller for youngsters because the “baddie” was a Muslim
terrorist. Because two characters were Arabic-speaking and the plot involves a
mujaheddin extremist group, Scholastic’s decision was based “100 per cent (on) the
Muslim issue.”
This decision was at odds with the publication of Richard Flanagan’s bestselling The
Unknown Terrorist and Andrew McGahan’s Underground in which terrorists are portrayed
as victims driven to extreme acts by the failings of the West. The Unknown Terrorist
describes Jesus Christ as “history’s first ... suicide bomber.” In McGahan’s Underground,
Muslims are executed or herded into ghettos in an Australia rendered unrecognisable by
the war on terror.
The Syrian-born poet Ali Ahmad Sa’id, known by his pseudonym Adonis[58], says that “If
the Arabs are so inept that they cannot be democratic by themselves, they can never be
democratic through the intervention of others. If we want to be democratic, we must be
so by ourselves.”
According to Adonis, the underlying structure of Arab societies is a structure of slavery,
not of liberty: “Some human beings are afraid of freedom. When you are free, you have
to face reality, the world in its entirety. You have to deal with the world’s problems, with
everything. On the other hand, if we are slaves, we can be content and not have to deal
with anything. Just as Allah solves all our problems, the dictator will solve all our
problems.”
This is undoubtedly true, and this fear of freedom is not exclusive to Muslims. As
philosopher Eric Hoffer writes in The True Believer:
“Freedom aggravates at least as much as it alleviates frustration. Freedom of choice places
the whole blame of failure on the shoulders of the individual. And as freedom encourages a
multiplicity of attempts, it unavoidably multiplies failure and frustration. (…) We join a mass
movement to escape individual responsibility, or, in the words of the ardent young Nazi, ‘to
be free from freedom.’ It was not sheer hypocrisy when the rank-and-file Nazis declared
themselves not guilty of all the enormities they had committed. They considered
themselves cheated and maligned when made to shoulder responsibility for obeying orders.
Had they not joined the Nazi movement in order to be free from responsibility?”
According to Adonis, “The Muslims today - forgive me for saying this - with their accepted
interpretation [of the religious text], are the first to destroy Islam, whereas those who
criticise the Muslims - the non-believers, the infidels, as they call them - are the ones
who perceive in Islam the vitality that could adapt it to life. These infidels serve Islam
better than the believers.”
I’m not sure I agree with that. Although fear of freedom may be a universal human trait,
it does seem to be more prevalent in Islamic societies than in others. Does this “slave
mentality” that Mr. Adonis complains about partly originate from Islam itself?
Ibn Arabi (d. 1240), the “Greatest Sufi Master,” defined hurriyya, freedom, as “perfect
slavery” to Allah. The mainstream Islamic website Islam Q & A[59] defines the meaning
of enslavement in Islam:
“If by ‘slave’ I mean al-’aabid, one who worships Allaah and obeys His commands, this
meaning applies specifically to the believers to the exclusion of the kaafireen [infidels],
because the believers are the true slaves of Allaah who attribute Lordship and Divinity to
Him Alone and recognise Him by His Names and Attributes, and do not associate anything
with Him. Enslavement to Allaah is an honour, not a cause of humiliation. We ask Allaah to
make us among His righteous slaves.”
If Muslims are “slaves of Allah,” it is tempting to view ex-Muslims as runaway slaves, who
are to be hunted down and punished for their desire for freedom, just as real slaves were
in the old days.
Dr. Younus Shaikh[60], Pakistani Rationalist and the founder President of the Rationalist
organisation of Pakistan, was once sentenced for blasphemy, a crime that leads to a
mandatory death sentence in Pakistan, for claiming that Muhammad did not become a
Muslim until the age of 40 and received his first revelations in 610, and that his parents
were non-Muslims because they died before Islam existed. He was later acquitted
following international pressure, and now lives in exile in Switzerland.
According to Dr. Shaikh, “Islam is an organised crime against humanity!” Those may be
harsh words, but it should be his right to say it. As Mr. Adonis states, “There can be no
living culture in the world if you cannot criticise its foundations - the religion.” This means
that Muslims must first accept criticism of their religion before they can have any hope of
establishing free societies.
Freedom of speech is one of the most fundamental of all freedoms; it is necessary for a
functioning democratic society. The Islamic world will never know true liberty until Muslim
individuals may openly criticise their religion and even leave it without having to fear for
their lives. This freedom must be established not just in Switzerland or the United States,
but in Pakistan, Iran and Saudi Arabia. That vision of liberty so far remains a mirage in
the distance.
Trying to prove that Islam is compatible with democracy, many Muslims are forced to
twist existing Islamic concepts so that they cease to retain their original meaning. What
remains can hardly be justified from a straight-forward reading of the Koran or the
hadith.
Muhammad Al-Mukhtar Ash-Shinqiti[61], director of the Islamic Center in Texas, states:
“Another important value is checks and balances by which powers are distributed and
separated in a way that achieves independence of each power and the ability to check
and correct each other. In Qur’anic terminology, this is called al-mudafa’ah, which is a
very important Islamic concept that protects the society against corruption. Almighty
Allah says, ‘Had not Allah checked one set of people by means of another, the earth
would indeed be full of mischief.’” (The Koran, 2:251).”
But this idea of setting one group of people against another bears little relation to the
Western concept of formal checks and balances as enshrined in the US Constitution.
Protection against “corruption” in this context means excluding non-Islamic influences,
not preventing the abuse of power.
Another such concept is shura, usually translated as “consultation,” which is found in the
Koran 42:38, “...who (conduct) their affairs by mutual consultation...” and “… consult
them in affairs (of moment)...,” 3:159. According to Ja’far Sheikh Idris[62], professor of
Islamic studies in Washington, “broadly understood, democracy is almost identical with
Shura.”
However, shura has never been formalised. The most authoritarian and brutal of rulers,
such as Stalin or Mao, probably “consulted” somebody every now and then. Even Genghis
Khan “consulted” someone as he massacred half of Asia. Thus, “consultation” by itself is
meaningless. As long as there are not formal constraints on the ruler forcing him to take
the good of the people into account, and as long as real sanctions are not in place if he
fails to do so, “consultation” is empty rhetoric.
Sunni Muslims talk about the four Rightly Guided Caliphs, Abu Bakr, Umar ibn al-Khattab,
Uthman ibn Affan and Ali ibn Abi Talib, all of whom had known Muhammad personally.
Their rule ended with the murder of Ali in 661. Then the nominal leadership of Islam was
transferred from Medina to the Umayyid dynasty in Damascus. In 750 the Abbasid
dynasty in Baghdad assumed the Caliphate, where it endured until 1258, when the
Mongols sacked Baghdad. The Caliphate as a concept still persisted for centuries,
although the Caliphs usually possessed no practical power. Finally, even the concept itself
was formally abolished in 1924 by the Turkish nationalist leader Mustafa Kemal Atatürk.
In an essay in newspaper The Guardian[63], spokesman Osama Saeed from the Muslim
Association of Britain advocated recreating the institution, claiming that a “restored
caliphate is entirely compatible” with democratically accountable institutions:
“The vision of any kind of new caliphate, shared by Muslims worldwide, is a distant one.
Right now, even talk of bringing down trade barriers and free flow of people across Muslim
states seems radical. But it is a vision that is needed, and one that should actually be
supported by the US and Britain if they are sincere about the development of the Muslim
world. The revival of a strong Muslim civilisation would be for the betterment of the whole
world.”
Irfan Husain[64] countered Saeed’s essay in Pakistani newspaper Dawn. He pointed out
some glaring omissions:
“For starters, who would decide on a suitable candidate? What does an Indonesian have in
common with a Turk, apart from faith? The truth is that religion is only one aspect of an
individual’s identity. Other equally important factors include language, ethnicity, socio-
economic status, education, and a whole slew of layers that compose identity. To assume
that just because somebody is born a Muslim, he will automatically obey a distant figure
who calls himself the caliph is to ignore just how tenuous the authority of most of the past
caliphs actually was.”
The Christian Science Monitor[65] interviewed a group of followers of Hizb ut-Tahrir, the
Party of Liberation, in Jordan. They say that a single Islamic state from Indonesia to
Morocco will bring prosperity and let Muslims conquer the West. “Islam obliges Muslims
to possess power so that they can intimidate - I would not say terrorise - the enemies of
Islam,” says Abu Mohammed, a Hizb ut-Tahrir activist. “And if after all discussions and
negotiations they still refuse, then the last resort will be a jihad to spread the spirit of
Islam and the rule of Islam,” he says, smiling. “This is done in the interests of all people
to get them out of darkness and into light.”
One of the speakers, Ashraf Doureihi, at a conference in Sydney, Australia[66], in
January 2007, stressed the importance of establishing an Islamic state:
“It is important... [to move] collectively in the Muslim world to demand this change from
such influential people in our lands, even if it means spilling onto the streets to create a
revolution or staging a military coup,” he said. According to Hizb ut-Tahrir spokesman
Wasim Durie, the conference would discuss ways of establishing an Islamic superstate.
“As we were here today, what is at stake is not just the destiny of the Muslim world but
indeed the whole of mankind,” he said. Despite open calls for civil war, the Australian
Government refused to ban[67] the group.
It is easy to dismiss these ideas as marginal, but, as Robert Spencer[68] warns, even if
there is no chance of establishing a worldwide caliphate, that doesn’t mean that these
groups aren’t dangerous:
“As if the fact that the Soviet Union had no chance of making the world communist means
that it wasn’t a threat as it attempted to do so. These learned heads seem to have no
regard at all for the fact that as Al-Qaeda and other jihadist groups try to establish a
worldwide caliphate, they are capable of causing immense, catastrophic havoc. The fact
that their goals are unattainable doesn’t mean they can’t do anything at all.”
Author Abid Ullah Jan’s book, The End of Democracy, has become highly popular in
Islamic circles. Jan quotes an 11th century Iraqi jurist, al-Mawardi - whose works on
governance are considered classics in the field - regarding the duties of the Caliph (page
189):
“According to Al-Mawardi, the duties of the Khalifah are, that he should guard the religion
of Islam and suppress the growth of heresy; that he should interpret Islamic law as
Mujtahid and promulgate it; that he should keep armies on the frontiers in order to defend
Islamic territories from aggression by an enemy; that he should champion the cause of
Islam either by offering Islam to the non-Muslims of the adjoining countries or by waging
war against them until they accept the status of protected people [dhimmis]; that he
should execute and preserve justice; that he should implement a sound financial system;
that he should appoint only competent ministers, governors, tax-collectors, judges and
other State officials and fix their salaries from the State treasury; and lastly, that he should
supervise all the departments of the State.”
Abid Ullah Jan also quotes the highly influential 20th century theologian Abul A’la
Mawdudi, the founder of Jamaat-e-Islami in today’s Pakistan (page 132):
“The ‘Islamic State seeks to mould every aspect of life and activity in consonance with its
moral norms and program of social reform. In such a State no one can regard any field of
his affairs as personal and private.’ However, this concept does not make the Islamic State
an authoritarian or fascist regime, because ‘despite its all-inclusiveness, it [Islamic State] is
something vastly and basically different from the modern totalitarian and authoritarian
states.’ Mawdudi further elaborates: ‘Individual liberty is not suppressed under it nor is
there any trace of dictatorship in it. It presents the middle course and embodies the best
that the human society has ever evolved.’”
According to Jan, “The reason why Muslims are not given a chance to sit peacefully, take
time and set an Islamic State is that an Islamic State has the potential to show a real
model of a just social order with all the features that the champions of democracy claim
but can never present.”
One might argue that it also has to do with the fact that one stated objective of this
Islamic superstate, as Jan himself points out, is to kill or subdue all non-Muslims around
the world.
In addition, Jan says that there has never been a single approved method for appointing
such a Caliph, which he interprets as leaving room for elections (page 191):
“Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) by not appointing his successor or suggesting any specific
mode or laying down any framework for constituting or deposing such a successor, had
acted in conformity with the Qur’an which is silent on this issue.”
However, it is precisely because Muhammad, despite his many wives, never produced a
male heir, never appointed a successor, and failed to provide any mechanism for choosing
one, that immediate fissures developed among the early Muslims. Some wanted
leadership to follow the bloodline of Muhammad through his daughter Fatima’s marriage
to Alī bin Abī Tālib, the father of Muhammad’s male grandchildren Hassan and Husayn.
He later became known as the first Imam of the Shi’a Muslims.
Despite all the nice words of modern apologists, it is difficult to view the Caliphate as
anything other than a divinely imposed dictatorship. The principle of separation of powers
as described by Montesquieu is totally unknown, indeed would be considered heretical.
While there may be some dissent regarding the issue, it has been commonly held by
Islamic jurists that as long as the ruler does not reject the basic tenets of Islam, he must
be obeyed, since even a tyrannical ruler is better than anarchy. Thus he is supposed to
“consult” others in the affairs of the state, but he is also free to ignore their advice. One
is struck by the primitive nature of Islamic governance.
There will be debates by future historians about how EU leaders could do something as
stupid as the creation of the Eurabian networks. One of the answers will have to be: They
did it because they could.
I have heard some Socialists argue that the Communist system of the Soviet Union could
have worked if they didn’t end up with a leader such as Stalin. This view is fundamentally
flawed, for the system itself invited a Stalin, or a Mao; there were no formal restraints on
the power of the rulers under Communism. The same principle holds true for the
Caliphate. Lord Acton said, “Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts
absolutely”. The Islamic set-up ensures corruption and the abuse of power.
In 2006, the European Commission[69] (the EU’s government) announced that it would
send its proposals for EU laws to national parliaments for comment - but it made clear
that Brussels would only “take note” of national parliamentarians’ wishes. The European
Union’s concept of “consultation” is thus that the people or their representatives should
give their “advice,” and then the leaders should be free to ignore this advice. Thus the EU
will be able to integrate seamlessly into the Caliphate, given that it already operates
under some of the same principles.
The Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI) quotes Dr. Shaker Al-Nabulsi[70], a
Jordanian intellectual, in criticising Yusuf Al-Qaradawi’s claim that “democracy is in the
essence of Islam.”
According to Nabulsi, “He is among those who maintain that the Shura is meant to advise
the ruler, but does not obligate him. [Al-Qaradhawi holds that] the ruler must not be
deposed even if he sins or oppresses, and that ‘the ruler must be obeyed even if he
strikes you or expropriates your property.’ The Caliphate has remained unchanged from
632 through 2004 - it has kept its primitive, simple tribal form (the elite’s allegiance to
the sovereigns) - an un-democratic structure, despotic, and bloody except for a brief
period of 12 years during the rule of Abu Baker and Omar Bin Al-Khattab [the first and
second Caliphs]. (...) Since the time of [the Umayyad Caliph] Mu’awiya Ibn Abi Sufyan
through the last Ottoman Sultan, (that is from the year 661 through the year 1924), the
Islamic Caliphate was drenched with blood, and ruled by fist and sword - and even today
the situation is the same in most of the Arab world.”
Nabulsi quotes al-Qaradawi as saying: “‘There are those who maintain that democracy is
the rule of the people, but we want the rule of Allah.’ Such ideas] are a call for the Rule
of Allah, discussed by Sayyid Qutb in his book ‘The Milestones.’ [Qutb] borrowed this idea
from Pakistani intellectual Abu Al-’Ala Al-Mawdudi, who introduced the theory that
authority is Allah’s, not the people’s, and that the sovereign is none other than Allah’s
secretary and His representative on earth.”
Hassan al-Banna founded the Muslim Brotherhood in 1928 with the stated goal of
restoring the Caliphate. There are signs that his disciple Yusuf al-Qaradawi, now spiritual
leader of the Brotherhood, hasn’t given up this goal. In an interview with German weekly
magazine Der Spiegel[71], Qaradawi said: “Islam is a single nation, there is only one
Islamic law and we all pray to a single God. Eventually such a nation will also become
political reality. But whether that will be a federation of already existing states, a
monarchy or an Islamic republic remains to be seen.”
In another essay[72], Al-Qaradawi states that: “Secularism may be accepted in a
Christian society but it can never enjoy a general acceptance in an Islamic society.
Christianity is devoid of a shari’ah or a comprehensive system of life to which its
adherents should be committed.”
In contrast, according to The New Testament, the rule is to : “Render unto Caesar things
which belong to Caesar, and render unto God things which belong to God” (Matthew
22:21).
But, “as Islam is a comprehensive system of worship (’ibadah) and legislation (Shari’ah),
the acceptance of secularism means abandonment of Shari’ah,” and “the call for
secularism among Muslims is atheism and a rejection of Islam. Its acceptance as a basis
for rule in place of Shari’ah is downright riddah [apostasy].”
The adoption of secular laws and equality for Muslims and non-Muslims amounts to
apostasy. Harsh words from a man who has voiced support for the traditional death
penalty for apostates.
The Iranian intellectual Amir Taheri[73] has noted, “There was no word in any of the
Muslim languages for democracy until the 1890s. Even then the Greek word democracy
entered Muslim languages with little change: democrasi in Persian, dimokraytiyah in
Arabic, demokratio in Turkish. It is no accident that early Muslims translated numerous
ancient Greek texts but never those related to political matters. The great Avicenna
himself translated Aristotle’s Poetics. But there was no translation of Aristotle’s Politics in
Persian until 1963.”
According to Taheri, one of the key stumbling blocks is equality: “The idea is
unacceptable to Islam, for the non-believer cannot be the equal of the believer.”
“Democracy means the rule of the demos, the common people, or what is now known as
popular or national sovereignty. In Islam, however, power belongs only to God: al-hukm
l’illah. The man who exercises that power on earth is known as Khalifat al-Allah, the
regent of God. But even then the Khalifah or Caliph cannot act as legislator. The law has
already been spelled out and fixed for ever by God. (...) There is consultation in Islam.
But the consultation thus recommended is about specifics only, never about the overall
design of society.”
He sums up with the conclusion that “Islam is incompatible with democracy.” Yet in
another essay, Amir Taheri wants Europeans to revive the Roman Empire[74]:
“North Africa, which has the most beautiful beaches of the Mediterranean, could become a
kind of Florida for the old-age pensioners of western and northern Europe. In exchange,
millions of young people could move north from the south to provide the labour force
needed to keep the modern European economies going. (...) A judicious mix of wealth and
technology from the north and manpower from the south could turn the Euro-
Mediterranean region into the biggest and most prosperous economy the world has ever
seen.”
This idea is called “Eurabia” and is already being implemented, as Bat Ye’or[75] can
testify. And it wasn’t a very good idea. If he is correct that Islam is incompatible with
democracy, what impact will it have on democracies if they get flooded with people who
have an Islamic mentality? Amir Taheri is often brilliant in his writings about Islam, but in
this case his ideas aren’t logically consistent.
According to the website Islam Online[76], “Islam is not a religion in the common,
distorted meaning of the word, confining its scope only to the private life of man. By
saying that it is a complete way of life, we mean that it caters for all the fields of human
existence. In fact, Islam provides guidance for all walks of life - individual and social,
material and moral, economic and political, legal and cultural, national and international.”
A common phrase is that Islam is Din wa Dawlah, religion and State. In 2005, after
parliamentary elections, Younus Qanooni[77], a senior member of the Afghan Northern
Alliance which helped the US overthrow the Taliban regime in 2001, stated that the
country could never become a secular democracy. “Afghans will never agree on any
secular or liberal system. Islam is the modern system and Afghanistan’s future is tied
with Islam.” Yet Western soldiers are supposed to risk their lives, and Western taxpayers
pay for, establishing just such a system.
This rather naïve view of democracy is unfortunately the rule rather than the exception.
In a memo, the US State Department[78] told its embassy in Cairo to launch a dialogue
with religious groups because clashes with them would only incite more attacks against
US interests. They also advised Washington to pressure the Egyptian government into
allowing the Muslim Brotherhood to play a larger role in Egypt’s political landscape. This
despite the fact that many of the worst terrorist groups today are offshoots of the MB. Dr.
Ahmad Al-Rab’i[79], former Kuwaiti minister of education, warned that “The founders of
the violent groups were raised on the Muslim Brotherhood, and those who worked with
Bin Laden and Al-Qa’ida went out under the mantle of the Muslim Brotherhood.”
Author Tarek Heggy, too, warns that: “The Brotherhood opposes the notion of a state
based on democratic institutions, calling instead for an Islamic government based on the
Shura (consultative assembly) system, veneration of the leader and the investiture of a
Supreme Guide. In this, they are close to the model established by the late Ayatollah
Ruhollah Khomeini in Iran. (…) The Brotherhood calls for a constitutional and legal
system based on the principles of Shari’a, including cruel corporal punishments in the
penal code (stoning, lashing, cutting off the hands of thieves, etc.).”
Actually, the only place where there has been any movement toward a democratic Islam
is in Denmark. Of all the Western nations,Denmark has mounted the strongest popular
resistance against Islamisation. Syrian-born MP Naser Khader[80] has launched a
network called Democratic Muslims. New members are required to sign a declaration that
they oppose Sharia laws. “Freedom of speech is the breath of democracy - and if you
take that away, then democracy dies,” said Khader.
Mr. Khader appears to be sincere about these efforts. So, apparently, are his Muslim
opponents, which is why he has received numerous threats against his life. A French
documentary used a hidden camera[81] to capture an imam suggesting that Khader
could attract suicide bombers if he became minister of integration affairs. The imam in
question, Ahmed Akkari, later said he meant the comment as a joke.
The ideas behind the network are positive. They have defined the Ten Commandments of
Democracy[82], among them:
1. We must all separate politics and religion, and we must never place religion above the
laws of democracy.
2. We must all respect that all people have equal rights regardless of sex, ethnicity, sexual
orientation or religious beliefs.
3. No person must ever incite to hatred, and we must never allow hatred to enter our
hearts.
4. No person must ever use or encourage violence - no matter how frustrated or wronged
we feel, or how just our cause.
5. We must all show respect for the freedom of expression, also of those with whom we
disagree the most.
The problem is, only a small minority[83] of the members Democratic Muslims are
actually Muslims. The vast majority are non-Muslim supporters.
In addition, Muslims in Denmark seem far more interested in exploiting the democratic
system than in supporting it. According to the Copenhagen Post[84], Wallait Khan was
elected councillor for the Liberal Party in Copenhagen, only to defect to join the Socialist
People’s Party, which allowed them to establish a left-wing coalition. But Khan had also
been on the campaign trail in Pakistan. Khan said six people had been elected in Pakistan
despite their Danish residencies. “We Pakistanis in Europe have a competition between
ourselves,” he said. “We in Denmark compete with Pakistanis living in Norway and
England about who holds most mayor posts.”
The European Council for Fatwa and Research, whose leader is Yusuf al-Qaradawi, are
working on a Muslim Constitution for Europe[85] that will be above national legislation.
According to Tina Magaard from the University of Aarhus, behind these ambitions “lies
decades of work.” Islamic groups have for years aimed at establishing their control of the
Muslim immigrant communities, and in some cases have won official recognition from
government bodies. According to Magaard, “The Imams and Islamists consider the
cooperation with the state institutions a transfer of power. Now it is them who rule.”
Even without Islam, a pure democracy with no restraints would not always be a good
thing. For example, one could win the support of a majority of the people, largely by
promising them access to other people’s money. Once in power, one could begin to
dissolve whatever restraints exist in order to secure permanent re-election. In February
2007, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez[86] was granted the right to rule by
presidential decree in his efforts to build a Socialist state, a move critics say propels
Venezuela toward dictatorship. National Assembly President Cilia Flores applauded with
the words “Fatherland, socialism or death,” while hundreds of Chavez supporters outside
waved signs reading “Socialism is democracy.”
Bruce Bawer[87], the author of the book While Europe Slept, noted that the title of
world’s most democratic country was awarded to Sweden in 2006 by The Economist
Intelligence Unit. According to Bawer, “For many observers, this is not only wrong - it’s
staggeringly, outrageously misinformed. Though two-thirds of Swedes question whether
Islam is compatible with Western society, this issue is simply not open for public
discussion.” To quote observer Jonathan Friedman, “no debate about immigration policies
is possible” because Sweden’s “political class,” which controls public debate, simply
avoids the topic.
According to Bawer, the city of Stockholm “carried out a survey of ninth-grade boys in
the predominantly Muslim suburb of Rinkeby. The survey showed that in the last year,
17% of the boys had forced someone to have sex, 31% had hurt someone so badly that
the victim required medical care, and 24% had committed burglary or broken into a car.
Sensational statistics - but in all of Sweden, they appear to have been published only in a
daily newssheet that is distributed free on the subways. Sweden is the only major
Western European country whose legislature contains not a single representative of a
party critical of its immigration policies.”
Members of the small party, the Sweden Democrats, are critical of the country’s
extremely open immigration policies. Seldom can they hold meetings without being
hassled or physically attacked. This has happened regularly for years with the tacit
approval of the Swedish elites. Swedish newspaper Expressen warned against the “low-
intensity terrorism” conducted by extreme Leftists and neo-Nazis.
Political scientist Peter Esaiasson has done research into every election movement in
Sweden since 1866. According to him, the organised attempts at disrupting meetings
during the 2006 elections have no parallels in modern history.
Added to this censorship on a national level, important decisions are made by unelected
EU bureaucrats. If democracy is supposed to mean that citizens vote to decide their
future, then Sweden is not a democracy; it is a multicultural dictatorship. One can vote
for a variety of parties, but all of them support the same multiculturalism and mass
immigration. Ordinary Swedes have little influence over their own future, and freedom of
speech is non-existent. But the country still has the formal aspects of democracy: regular
multiparty elections take place. This should remind us once again that elections do not
automatically lead to a free society.
Famed historian Bernard Lewis[88], who reputedly had an important influence on the
American policy to bring “democracy” to Iraq, in 2007 told The Jerusalem Post that Islam
could soon be the dominant force[89] in Europe. He ironically warned that this
Islamisation could be assisted by “immigration and democracy.”
In Vienna, Austria[90] in December 2006, Santa Claus was removed from kindergartens.
Municipal officials insisted that the sight of a strange bearded figure at the door would
evoke fear in kids, but many observers accused them of kowtowing to a growing Muslim
population.
The Battle of Vienna in 1683, where the Ottoman Turks were beaten by a force led by
King Jan III Sobieski of Poland, was the last time Muslims managed to threaten the West
in traditional warfare. They gradually fell further and further behind due to their
technological ineptness, which again is caused by their hostility towards freethinking as
the basis of science. This suppression of curiosity is their Achilles’ heel. Perhaps they
have finally found ours. This time they are already inside Vienna.
In the end, Muslims have been more successful at peacefully infiltrating the democratic
West than they ever were in challenging the pre-democratic West in open warfare.
Ibn Warraq warns that the Islamists view our open society as a means for infiltrating
Western societies. He fears that we risk ending up with an Islamisation of democracy
instead of a democratisation of Islam.
Walid al-Kubaisi[91], a Norwegian of Iraqi origins and a critic of sharia supporters,
believes Yusuf al-Qaradawi is more dangerous than terrorist leader Osama bin Laden:
“In Europe, the Muslim Brotherhood discovered a unique opportunity: Democracy. The
democratic system leaves room for freedom of religion and freedom of speech, and
finances religious communities and religious organisations. This has been utilised by the
Muslim Brotherhood to infiltrate the Muslim communities, recruit members and build the
Islamist networks that have become so visible lately.” Whereas bin Laden uses bombs, al-
Qaradawi exploits democracy as a Trojan horse. The Brotherhood gets their activities
financed from Germany, England etc. They gain recognition and infiltrate the democratic
system.
Patrick Poole[92] describes the discussion of a document entitled “The Project”, which so
far has been limited to the top-secret world of Western intelligence communities. It was
only through the work of an intrepid Swiss journalist, Sylvain Besson, that information
regarding The Project was finally been made public. It was found in a raid of a villa in
Campione, Switzerland on November 7, 2001.
Included in the documents seized was a fourteen-page plan dated December 1, 1982,
outlined a twelve-point strategy for a flexible, multi-phased, long-term approach to the
“cultural invasion” of the West. Among the strategies recommended were the following:
• involving ideologically committed Muslims throughout institutions on all levels in the West;
• including government, NGOs, private organisations;
• utilising existing Western institutions until they can be put into service of Islam; and
• instituting alliances with Western “progressive” organisations that share similar goals.
Sylvain Besson and Scott Burgess provide extensive comparisons between Qaradawi’s
publication, Priorities of the Islamic Movement in the Coming Phase from 1990, and The
Project. They note striking similarities between the two documents.
Meanwhile, Yusuf al-Qaradawi has been hailed as a “moderate” by people such as
London’s mayor Ken Livingstone, who welcomed him to a conference in Britain. This
despite the fact that Qaradawi has supported suicide bombers, brags about how Islam
will conquer Europe and was the most important figure in whipping up hatred during the
Danish Cartoon Jihad in 2006. The current official leader of the international Muslim
Brotherhood, Mohammad Mahdi Akef, has declared that he has “complete faith that Islam
will invade Europe and America.”
According to Dr. Rachel Ehrenfeld and Alyssa A. Lappen, the Brotherhood and its
offspring organisations employ the Flexibility strategy:
“This strategy calls for a minority group of Muslims to use all ‘legal’ means to infiltrate
majority-dominated, non-Muslim secular and religious institutions, starting with its
universities. As a result, ‘Islamised’ Muslim and non-Muslim university graduates enter the
nation’s workforce, including its government and civil service sectors, where they are
poised to subvert law enforcement agencies, intelligence communities, military branches,
foreign services, and financial institutions.”
Lorenzo Vidino writes about The Muslim Brotherhood’s Conquest of Europe: “Since the
early 1960s, Muslim Brotherhood members and sympathisers have moved to Europe and
slowly but steadily established a wide and well-organised network of mosques, charities,
and Islamic organisations.” According to Vidino, “The ultimate irony is that Muslim
Brotherhood founder Hassan al-Banna dreamed of spreading Islamism throughout Egypt
and the Muslim world. He would have never dreamed that his vision might also become a
reality in Europe.”
Douglas Farah has noted the largely successful efforts by Islamic groups in the West to
buy large amounts of real estate. “We do not have a plan. They do. History shows that
those that plan, anticipate and have a coherent strategy usually win. We are not
winning.”
In early 2006[93], a tiny Norwegian Christian newspaper, Magazinet, had reprinted the
Danish cartoons of Muhammad. After the spiritual leader of the Muslim Brotherhood,
Yusuf al-Qaradawi, indirectly triggered attacks on the Norwegian and Danish embassies
in Syria in February that year by whipping up anger in Arab television, Norway’s Minister
of Labour and Social Inclusion Bjarne Håkon Hanssen called a press conference at a
government office building in Oslo. There Velbjørn Selbekk, the editor of Magazinet,
issued an abject apology for reprinting the cartoons. At his side, accepting his act of
contrition and asking that all threats now be withdrawn, was Muhammad Hamdan, the
then-head of Norway’s Islamic Council. As author Bruce Bawer[94] wrote, it was exactly
like a scene from a sharia court.
Trond Giske, Minister of Culture and Church Affairs, met with Mr. Muhammad Hamdan a
few months later and announced that government subsidies for the Islamic Council would
be raised from 60,000 kroner a year to half a million. That’s more than a 700% increase
in a single year, and was undoubtedly viewed by Muslims as jizya. Thus it was in reality a
formal recognition by Norwegian authorities that the country was now under Islamic rule.
Later in 2006, Minister Bjarne Håkon Hanssen from the Labour Party called for increased
immigration to Norway from Pakistan because this would be “good for the economy.” The
majority of Muslims in Norway voted for the Labour Party in 2005, and 83% for Leftist
parties in general. Samira Munir[95], a member of the city council in the capital city of
Oslo, warned that there was widespread cooperation between the Socialist parties and
Muslim communities during that year’s elections. “The heads of families and the mosques
would decide how entire groups of immigrants would vote. They made deals such as
‘How much money will we get if we get our people to vote for you?,’ and the deals were
always made with the Socialist parties.”
Norway is an unusually naïve nation. While it may not be the best yardstick to measure
Islamic infiltration, the challenges Norway faces can be found in many democratic
countries, and not just Western ones.
Perhaps the greatest idea of the Leftist factions after the Cold War was to re-invent
themselves as Multicultural parties and begin to import voters[96] from abroad. There is
nothing new about buying “clients” by promising them access to other people’s money.
However, this defect becomes more dangerous when combined with massive
immigration. In Europe, Muslim immigration may turn democracy into a self-defeating
system that will eventually break down because native Europeans no longer believe that
it serves their interests.
The Turkish government tried to influence the Dutch general elections in 2006 through e-
mails sent to thousands of ethnic Turks in the Netherlands. According to Paul Belien of
The Brussels Journal[97], “This has created a situation where the immigrants in Western
democracies become Trojan horses of foreign nationalism and religious fanaticism.”
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, a Sikh, in 2007 stated that minorities,
particularly Muslims, must have the first claim on resources so that the benefits of India’s
economic development would reach them equitably. He failed to state that this was
probably also for the electoral benefit of his own Congress Party, which has been courting
Muslims in India since the time of Mahatma Gandhi and Nehru. Muslims are lagging
behind non-Muslims in economic development everywhere, from Western Europe to
Malaysia, which strongly indicates that their backwardness has something do with Islamic
culture.
Muslims in India can partially follow sharia law[98], with official recognition. The All India
Muslim Personal Law Board has gone to the High Court to lower the legal age of
marriage[99], and insists that in family matters India’s Muslims should be subject only to
sharia. In January 2007, the government informed the Supreme Court that Muslims
under their personal law have a right to establish sharia courts to settle disputes between
two people and that fatwas issued by these courts are not in conflict with the Indian
justice system.
Scholar K.S. Lal[100] analyzed Indian demography for the period between 1000-1525.
Lal estimates that the numbers of Hindus who perished as a result of these campaigns
was approximately 80 million.
According to historian N.S. Rajaram[101], “India, where the wounds inflicted by centuries
of Islamic rule on a large segment of the Indian intelligentsia and the political class have
been so debilitating that they continue to live in a state of constant fear. (...) Political
freedom in India has not brought about spiritual freedom; politicians and the
intelligentsia still act like oppressed colonial subjects when asked to face the truth about
their country’s Islamic past.”
In Foreign Affairs[102] magazine, F. Gregory Gause III, Associate Professor of Political
Science at the University of Vermont claims that there is no evidence that democracy
reduces terrorism, and points out the number of terrorist incidents in India:
“It is fair to assume that groups based in Pakistan carried out a number of those attacks,
particularly in Kashmir, but clearly not all the perpetrators were foreigners. A significant
number of terrorist events in India took place far from Kashmir, reflecting other local
grievances against the central government.”
Despite the fact that Muslims have massacred tens of millions of non-Muslims in India for
more than one thousand years, Muslims in the Republic of India don’t merely have equal
rights with non-Muslims, they have special rights and can follow sharia for family matters
in what is supposedly a secular country. India was also one of the first countries to ban
Salman Rushdie’s book The Satanic Verses after the Ayatollah Khomeini issued his death
sentence in 1989, thus restricting the freedom of speech for almost one billion non-
Muslims out of fear of Muslim violence.
Former Prime Minister of Thailand Thaksin Shinawatra was controversial for several
reasons, but there is no doubt that his clash with the Islamic Jihad in Thailand’s south
greatly contributed to his removal through a military coup in 2006. Most of Thailand’s
inhabitants are Buddhists, but the southern provinces close to Malaysia have Muslim
majorities, where a Muslim insurgency has prompted many Buddhists to flee their
homes. Monks have been beheaded and teachers slain. Almost one thousand public
schools[103] have been closed in the south due to a wave of arson attacks against
schools and the murders of dozens of teachers.
A leaflet[104] which was distributed in the region stated that “This land must be liberated
and ruled by Islamic Law. This land does not belong to Thailand, this is a land of war that
is no different from Palestine and Afghanistan ... Muslims and non-believers have to live
separately.”
Chulanont Surayud, Thai military officer, interim Prime Minister and head of a military
junta that had overthrown the elected government in the fall of 2006, publicly
apologised[105] for the former government’s hard-line policies and said that he would
urge the limited use of Islamic law in the south, especially over family affairs.
Judging from the experiences of India, there is little reason to believe that granting
limited sharia to Muslims would end violence against non-Muslims. Most likely, the
Buddhists of southern Thailand[106] will end up being refugees in their own country, just
like the Hindus of Kashmir, while their government appeases Muslims with sharia.
Certain observers mistakenly claim that “once Muslims become a majority, we will get
sharia through elections.” On the contrary, sharia will arrive much sooner. Observe that
relatively small percentages of Muslims can squeeze concessions out of democracies.
Sharia has already been partially implemented in India, Thailand, the Philippines, and
Britain. Islam’s inherent aggressiveness elicits appeasement from non-Muslims in order
to avoid bringing down the democratic system through civil war.
In Policy Review, Lee Harris reviews Andrew G. Bostom’s excellent book The Legacy of
Jihad. Harris warns against those who dismiss the idea that Jihad constitutes a serious
Islamic threat to the West because we are technologically superior to the Islamic world:
“The jihadists are not interested in winning in our sense of the word. They can succeed
simply by making the present world order unworkable, by creating conditions in which
politics-as-usual is no longer an option, forcing upon the West the option either of giving in
to their demands or descending into anarchy and chaos. It is tempting to call this approach
the crash of civilisation.”
Accordingly, says Harris, “In the crash-of-civilisation paradigm - contrary to Clausewitzian
warfare - the enemy of a particular established order does not need to match it in
organisational strength and effectiveness. It needs only to make the established order
reluctant to use its great strength out of the understandable fear that by plunging into
civil war it will itself be jeopardised. This fear of anarchy - the ultimate fear for those who
embrace the politics of reason - can be used to paralyze the political process to the point
at which the established order is helpless to control events through normal political
channels and power is no longer in the hands of the establishment but lies perilously in
the streets.”
In September 2006, French high-school philosophy teacher Robert Redeker published an
op-ed article stating that unlike Christianity and Judaism, “Islam is a religion that, in its
own sacred text, as well as in its everyday rites, exalts violence and hatred.” For the
crime of stating that Islam was violent, Redeker received numerous death threats and
had to go into hiding with his family and give up his teaching profession.
According to writer Christian Delacampagne[107], “large sectors of the French
intellectual and political establishment have carved out an exception to this hard-won
tradition of open discussion: when it comes to Islam (as opposed to Christianity or
Judaism), freedom of speech must respect definite limits.”
Seyran Ates, who for a generation had endured threats from Turkish men in Germany,
including being shot and badly wounded, as she represented the wives who accused
them of abuse, had to give up her Berlin law practice because it had become too
dangerous. Italian conservative MP Daniela Santanche has received death threats over
her opposition to the Islamic veil. In Spain, author Gustavo de Arístegui[108], Foreign
Affairs Spokesman for Spain’s conservative Partido Popular, has received police protection
after being branded an enemy of Islam.
With Muslim immigration, a culture of threats, legal and social harassment as well as
physical intimidation is gradually spreading in non-Muslim countries. What Muslims
cannot yet achieve by the sword, they will try to achieve by lawyers backed by Arab oil
money. The fear of an expensive court battle is an effective weapon that can be used to
silence critics of Islam.
In Canada, Mark Harding[109] was sentenced to 340 hours of community service - that
is, indoctrination - under the direction of Mohammad Ashraf, general secretary of the
Islamic Society of North America in Mississauga, Ontario. Judge Sidney B. Linden’s 1998
decision was based on Canada’s hate-crimes law. The judge determined Harding was
guilty of “false allegations about the adherents of Islam calculated to arouse fear and
hatred of them in all non-Muslim people.”
Harding’s crime was to distribute pamphlets outside a public high school. His materials
listed atrocities committed by Muslims in foreign lands. The pamphlet said: “The Muslims
who commit these crimes are no different than the Muslim believers living here” and that
“Toronto is definitely on their hit list.”
In 2006, Canadian police arrested a group of Muslim men suspected of planning terror
attacks against various targets including the Toronto subway. An intelligence study
warned that a “high percentage” of Canadian Muslims involved in extremist activities
were born in Canada.
Harding’s case demonstrates that it is now a criminal act in several Western nations to
tell the truth about the dangers posed by Muslim immigration. Hate speech laws amount
to “sharia lite”: they are used to silence infidels such as Harding for criticising Islam,
which again corresponds to the workings of sharia. The sharia lite of political correctness
is thus paving the way for the gradual implementation of full sharia in the West.
Hate crime legislation, too, is legalised political correctness and constitutes a radical
departure from the ideal of equality before the law. You will be punished differently for
assaulting a black Muslim than for the same crime against a white Christian, a Hindu
woman or a Jewish man etc. Some would argue that this already happens in real life.
However, the point here is that this de facto inequality has now become de jure. This
formal change constitutes a gross perversion of justice. It mirrors Islamic law, which
mandates different punishments for the same crime, depending upon the religious
background and the sex of both the perpetrator and the victim.
Islam has always valued individual life inequitably. But now there is a creeping tendency
within the West toward the same view. In the case of assault or murder, an additional
sentence is added if the act is viewed as a “hate crime.”
Murder is murder, and all human life is to be valued equally. However, according to
multiculturalism we are required to treat all cultures and religions as equally valid, which
they obviously are not. This perversion of reality indicates that the Western system of
justice is regressing. As it does so, justice becomes vulnerable to exploitation and
infiltration by Islamic law.
Zachariah Anani, a former jihadist and a convert to Christianity, gave a lecture in
Windsor, Ontario on “the dangers of radical extremism.” Muslim interest groups, including
CAIR (Council on American-Islamic Relations) Canada, charged him with “spreading
hatred in the community.” Former Muslim Walid Shoebat[110] believes that silencing
Anani is a dangerous trend with far-reaching implications for the future of Canadian and
eventually US freedoms.
According to the American writer and scholar Daniel Pipes[111], Omar Ahmad, the long-
serving chairman of CAIR, told a crowd of California Muslims in July 1998, “Islam isn’t in
America to be equal to any other faith, but to become dominant. The Koran ... should be
the highest authority in America, and Islam the only accepted religion on earth.”
Pipes claims that CAIR has mastered the victimisation game[112] and is “perpetually on
the prowl for any incidence of anti-Muslim sentiment, real or imaginary, spontaneous or
provoked, major or minor.” The organisation’s goal, Pipes says, is “to make the United
States like so many other countries - a place where Muslims, Islam and Islamism cannot
be freely discussed.”
CAIR receives significant financial aid in its efforts. In 2006, wealthy Saudis such as
Prince Alwaleed ibn Talal donated at least $50 million to CAIR. Much of this money was to
be spent on a media campaign[113] over the next five years in the United States. CAIR
and other Islamic organisations have had significant success in achieving acceptance of
the concept of “Islamophobia”[114]. It has met with representatives of federal
institutions[115], including the FBI, to address this issue.
What exactly is democracy? Karl Popper has said that “I personally call the type of
government which can be removed without violence ‘democracy,’ and the other,
‘tyranny.’” Ludwig von Mises held similar views, stating that “The essence of democracy is
not that everyone makes and administers laws but that lawgivers and rulers should be
dependent on the people’s will in such a way that they may be peaceably changed if
conflict occurs.”
Historically, direct democracies have almost always been relatively small communities,
such as the Greek city-states where the word “democracy” itself was coined in the 5th
century BC. The most famous was the ancient Athenian democracy, where voting rights
were gradually expanded to all citizens, which still meant a minority of the population of
the city.
The scholar John Dunn[116] tracks this development in his book Setting the People Free:
The Story of Democracy, a title he chose in order to convey a degree of irony. According
to Dunn, “Under democracy the citizens of Athens, quite reasonably and accurately,
supposed that they were ruling themselves. But the vastly less exclusive citizen bodies of
modern democracies very obviously do nothing of the kind. Instead, they select from a
menu, which they can do little individually to modify, whichever they find least dismaying
amongst the options on offer.”
Whereas Plato loathed democracy, Aristotle was critical but more sober. He envisioned a
government by the many, which was nevertheless a good system:
Page 47: “Aristotle himself chose to call it not democracy but politeia, (polity or, more
informatively, constitutional government). Politeia was distinguished from democracy not
merely by a difference in purpose and disposition (a commitment to collective good rather
than group advantage), but also by a different and more elaborate institutional structure.”
James Madison, the chief drafter of the Bill of Rights, contributed a great deal to drafting
of the US Constitution and set-up of its government, in discussion with among others his
friend Thomas Jefferson. They were both critical of the idea of pure democracy. Thomas
Jefferson warned against “elective despotism.” They desired what Alexander Hamilton
had called a representative democracy, or indirect democracy. Dunn is not convinced this
arrangement can properly be called democracy, in the meaning of direct citizen
involvement in decisions which it had in ancient Greece.
Page 79: “Whatever else the new American state might or might not be called, it could
not properly be termed a democracy. A representative government differed decisively
from a democracy not in the fundamental structure of authority which underlay it, but in
the institutional mechanisms which directed its course and helped to keep it in being over
time.”
John Dunn thinks US President Bush’s idea that the expansion of democracy to Iraq and
the Middle East should roll back terrorism was “a glaring instance of ideological
overstretch.”
Maybe the word “democracy” is now so diluted that it has become almost meaningless.
Since the word itself is vague but at the same time too established to ignore, perhaps we
can distinguish between pure democracy, which isn’t always a good system even without
Islam, and restrained democracy, with a balance between short-term populism and long-
term interests.
In The Case for Sovereignty, Jeremy A. Rabkin describes how Jürgen Habermas,
Germany’s most celebrated philosopher, talks about establishing a structure of
international law and authority that will control and direct all governments.
As Rabkin timely asks: “Who could challenge or constrain a world authority with such
immense power? Even if it were constrained by a formal constitution, who could possibly
ensure that the world authority remained within its proper bounds? How could it be
anything like a democracy? Would a hundred small nations outvote the half-dozen largest
nations? Or would a billion Chinese, a billion Indians, and a half-billion Southeast Asians
be allowed to form a permanent majority, dictating law and justice to the rest of the
world?”
There was no United Nations or international law in the late 18th century. Rabkin thinks
the US Founding Fathers “would have been appalled at the thought that the federal
government, in turn, would be subordinate to some supranational or international entity,
which could claim priority in this way over the American Constitution and American laws.”
The combination of 21st century mass media, transnational legislation, and bureaucratic
feudalism helped transform Europe into Eurabia[117]. Thousands of pages of legislation
continue to be passed without the knowledge or consent of European citizens. Through
mass immigration the demographic profile of the continent is now rapidly changing,
frequently without public consent.
The Jihad riots in France[118] in 2005 demonstrated that hundreds of ghettos were
under de facto Islamic control. French state control ceased to function in these areas;
thus the state’s monopoly of violence has been broken. The rule of law in much of Europe
is now being seriously eroded. People see that the national taxes they pay go to
governments that can no longer control their own borders, uphold their own laws, or
even provide the most basic security for its citizenry.
Either the conditions needed for a functioning democratic system will be restored, or the
system will collapse. An increasing number of observers fear[119] that we have already
passed the point where the tensions can be contained within the structure of a
democratic system, and will give rise to civil wars.
The Racial and Religious Hatred Bill[120] in Britain from 2005 is a textbook illustration of
the potential flaws of a democracy in meeting with Islam. Minorities can wield
disproportionate influence in a democratic system if they can tip the scales in favor of a
particular party or alliance. In this case, the Labour Party was using the freedom of
speech of their citizens as a bargaining chip to woo Muslim voters.
The powers of the House of Lords, the unelected upper chamber of the British
Parliament, have steadily declined since the 19th century. However, they can still delay
bills from the House of Commons. A watered down version of the Racial and Religious
Hatred Bill was finally passed, following opposition by the Lords. Notice here that it was
the “anachronistic” House of Lords - the least democratic element of the British
Parliament - which proved to be most sensible in this case.
The US Founding Fathers feared “mob rule” and tried to insulate the elected
representatives of Congress from what they perceived as the fickleness of the general
populace. I understand this viewpoint. We should be less religious about what is or is not
democracy. Democracy should never be a goal in itself, nor should all legislation be
passed according to the whim of the majority at a given moment. The ideal is a balanced
and well-functioning system.
However, it isn’t always the case that ordinary citizens are stupid and their leaders wise.
It was after all the political elites in Europe who created Eurabia, not the general
populace. The US Founding Fathers in the 18th century did not fully foresee the
possibility that the elected representatives could deliberately choose not to uphold their
country’s borders, as they are doing in the United States vis-à-vis Mexico in the 21st
century.
A century or two ago, the interests of the national political elites largely coincided with
those of the nation state as a whole[121]. This is no longer automatically the case in our
globalised society. Many politicians and senior bureaucrats feel little emotional
attachment to their own nations. Often they are more interested in courting the
transnational organisations and multinational corporations, since these entities will
provide them with the most lucrative job opportunities.
This situation is an important factor behind the growing erosion of trust between the
rulers and the ruled in many Western nations. A common - and often quite accurate -
theme among ordinary citizens is a sense of having been abandoned by the “political
elites.” In the 21st century, one of the greatest challenges for a functioning democratic
system will not merely be to keep the fickleness of the “common people” in line. Even
more important, it will be necessary to force the sometimes reluctant elected
representatives to uphold their country’s borders and to take into account the wishes of
the electorate for national sovereignty. This balance may not be easy to achieve.
The Chinese blogger Ohmyrus[122] (who also writes very sensible articles about Islam)
on his blog “Reforming Democracy” refers to politicians as “votepreneurs” and points out
that democracy has several flaws: “There are, simply put, more poor people than rich
people. What this means is that politicians can prosper at the ballot box by proposing
redistributive policies. The result is high taxes.”
According to Thomas Jefferson, “The democracy will cease to exist when you take away
from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not.” Quotes like this
indicate, according to Ohmyrus, that the US Founding Fathers were concerned more with
liberty than with democracy.
Ohmyrus also believes that democracies produce short-term thinking, and “are incapable
of delivering short term pain for long term gain. They tend to do the opposite, ie, deliver
short term gain at the expense of long term pain. (...) I think the monarchies of the 19th
century Europe were better macroeconomic managers than the democratically elected
politicians of the 20th century. Statistics show that interest rates, taxes and inflation
were on the whole lower. So was government debt as a share of the GDP.”
He believes this happened because monarchs and nobles tended to think more about the
long term. At the same time they did not have absolute power, and so had to take the
will of the general public into consideration. Our current problem lies not so much with
the votepreneurers (politicians), but with the system under which they labour.
He proposes several remedies for this situation. Among other things, the US President’s
time in office could be increased to a single term of eight years, while the time in office
for other elected officials would also lengthen and similarly be fixed for a single term.
According to Singapore’s long-time leader Lee Kuan Yew[123], it is demography, not
democracy, that will be the critical factor in shaping growth and security in the 21st
century. Although I do not always agree with him, it is true that any political system,
democratic or non-democratic, cannot long survive the loss of its territorial integrity
without also losing control over its own demographic future. Yet this is exactly the
current reality in many democratic nations.
Just as the planet is in the midst of an unprecedented population boom, and
technological advances have combined to produce the largest and fastest migration
waves in the history of mankind, many democratic nations have become so bogged down
by idealistic human rights legislation and naive open border ideologies that they have
now lost control over their own borders. Again, this cannot continue for long without
serious consequences.
In January 2007, a poll conducted in Britain showed that 82% of the public disagreed
with the claim that the Government was in control of immigration, and almost as many
believed the authorities were not honest about immigration. Sir Andrew Green, chairman
of the think-tank Migrationwatch[124], said this reflected “a deep underlying resentment
among the public that they have not had any opportunity to express their views - still
less to be consulted - on a matter of major importance to them and to the future of our
country.”
This represents a dangerous crisis of legitimacy. It is especially serious when it comes as
authorities are increasing restrictions on free speech. This combination could well result
in a popular explosion further down the road. As US President John F. Kennedy once said,
“Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.”
The blogger Ohmyrus[125] fears this outcome, too: “While it took a long time for
Europeans to learn to settle their differences peacefully through the ballot box, this
important lesson is slowly being unlearned. The lesson learned from the Danish cartoon
affair is that violence pays. Most western governments caved in by issuing apologies or
condemning the cartoons instead of defending free speech. Soon groups that oppose
immigration will turn to violence too. If European democracies cannot manage their
ethnic tensions, democracy will break down, ushering in dictatorial rule.”
To sum up my findings, I am not totally uncritical of the democratic system, nor do I
believe that it automatically translates into individual liberty. Democratic nations may
have to undergo significant changes if the system of democracy is to survive this century.
The goals should be:
• A balanced and well-functioning system, which requires free speech;
• Real restraints upon the power of the ruler, and
• Equality before the law.
None of these are compatible with Islamic sharia.
Muslims aren’t necessarily afraid of voting. Note that the terrorist organisation Hamas
gained power through Palestinian elections. According to historian Niall Ferguson[126], a
Gallup poll published in 2007, which surveyed 10,000 Muslims in 10 different countries,
revealed that radical Muslims were more supportive of democracy than moderate ones:
“The richer these people get, the more they favour radical Islamism. And they see
democracy as a way of putting the radicals into power.”
What Muslims are afraid of is freedom of speech. They want to intimidate the critics of
Islam into silence, while they continue demographic conquest through immigration and
high birth rates. They have enjoyed considerable success with this strategy. Our present
system of democracy rewards those with high birth rates, which, for the present, means
Muslims.
A democracy cannot be established in a genuinely Islamic country, at least not if
“democracy” means anything more than the mere act of voting, with no restraints on
state power and no safeguards for minorities. This is simply an advanced form of mob
rule. If the meaning of “democracy” expands to include constitutional government,
secular jurisprudence, the rule of law and equality before the law, and above all freedom
of speech, then no - constitutional democracy cannot be reconciled with Islam. It is a
waste of time and money to make the attempt.
Non-Muslims currently have the wrong focus. Trying to export democracy to Islamic
countries such as Iraq is futile. As American blogger Lawrence Auster[127] has pointed
out, we should rather be protecting our own democracies at home against Islam. Writer
Diana West[128] has called for an anti-sharia defensive instead of a pro-democracy
offensive as the preferred strategy in dealing with Muslims, which makes a lot of sense.
Islam is utterly incompatible with human liberty in any meaningful sense of the word.
However, Islam may be very well situated to exploit flaws in the democratic system and
destroy it from within.
I have called for a global infidel strategy of containment[129] of the Islamic world as far
as possible, which includes banning Muslim immigration. This would eventually force
Muslims to face up to the failures produced by their cultural system. Challenge your
enemy where he is weak. Islam cannot tolerate freedom of speech, which is its greatest
weakness. The United States is well-situated to make this challenge. It still has a
relatively low number of Muslims and also retains strong legal protections of free speech.
The greatest weapon Muslims fear in the American arsenal is the First Amendment. This
rule, so wisely included in the Bill of Rights by the Founding Fathers, ensures individual
freedom of speech against the tyranny of the majority.
If the United States wants to maintain what it sees as its moral leadership, it can begin
by challenging Islamic censorship and intimidation. China doesn’t care, nor does Russia,
while India has a huge Islamic fifth column to worry about. Europe is controlled by a
Eurabian elite that is both unwilling and incapable of protecting free speech from Muslim
intimidation, which is why many Europeans have become free speech refugees on
American websites such as Robert Spencer’s JihadWatch.org and Charles Johnson’s Little
Green Footballs[130].
While formal protection of free speech is important, social and informal censorship are
equally challenging. At the end of the day, we will also have to shed the straightjackets of
multiculturalism and Political Correctness if our democratic system is to survive Islamic
challenges as well as other attacks on our freedoms.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/04/is-islam-compatible-with-democracy.html
1. http://www.usc.edu/dept/MSA/quran/008.qmt.html#008.012
2. http://www.usc.edu/dept/MSA/fundamentals/hadithsunnah/bukhari/052.sbt.html#004.052.220
3. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1650
4. http://52.571.13.320subf02:LRdpxjk781698196548ВЧ
http://ancienthistory.about.com/gi/dynamic/offsite.htm?
zi=1/XJ&sdn=ancienthistory&zu=http://www.fordham.edu/halsall/ancient/aristotle-politics1.html
5. http://www.amazon.com/How-West-Lost-Alexander-Boot/dp/1850439850/
6. http://www.weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/000/000/012/736fyrpi.asp?pg=1
7. http://www.amazon.com/Road-Serfdom-Fiftieth-Anniversary/dp/0226320618/
8. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1624
9. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/11/11-years-chaos-for-eu-accounts.html
10. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/08/welfare-state-is-dead-long-live.html
11. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/07/let-them-eat-kebab-new-marie.html
12. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1101
13. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/013083.php
14. http://www.meforum.org/article/734
15. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/000250.php
16. http://www.muslimphilosophy.com/ik/Muqaddimah/
17. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/008946.php
18. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/011752.php
19. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/10/bangladesh-non-muslim-ethnic-groups_19.html
20. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/11/pakistan-hindu-girls-forced-to-convert.html
21. http://www.pakistanchristianpost.com/newsviewsdetails.php?newsid=437
22. http://www.youngmuslims.ca/online_library/books/milestones/hold/chapter_11.asp
23. http://www.islamicawakening.com/viewarticle.php?articleID=619
24. http://www.muhammad.net/quran/shadeofQuran/index.htm
25. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/008758.php#more
26. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/000687.php
27. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/07/camel-economics.html
28. http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/05/19/AR2006051901769_pf.html
29. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/005810.php
30. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/014195.php
31. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=23580&only
32. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/008237.php
33. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/007764.php
34. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/000692.php
35. http://www.guardian.co.uk/Iraq/Story/0,,1888848,00.html
36. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/003608.php
37. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/016078.php
38. http://www.srpska-mreza.com/library/facts/alija.html
39. http://www.faithfreedom.org/book.htm
40. http://www.guardian.co.uk/race/story/0,,1794445,00.html
41. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/005810.php
42. http://www.faithfreedom.org/oped/sina60202.htm
43. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/003590.php
44. http://www.amazon.com/Leaving-Islam-Apostates-Speak-Out/dp/1591020689/
45. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=21799
46. http://memri.org/bin/articles.cgi?Page=archives&Area=sd&ID=SP62103
47. http://memri.org/bin/articles.cgi?Page=archives&Area=sd&ID=SP87605
48. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/004902.php
49. http://48.866.2.306subf54:LWpprvt125662489953ЂН
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml;sessionid=WQ000AD30EE1NQFIQMGCM5WAVCBQUJVC?
xml=/news/2004/12/18/nprince18.xml&secureRefresh=true&_requestid=66141
http://47.372.8.539subf94:LCngckt463136616341ЖТ
50. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/004932.php
51. http://memri.org/bin/articles.cgi?Page=archives&Area=ia&ID=IA20805
52. http://www.dailytimes.com.pk/default.asp?page=story_11-3-2004_pg3_3
53. http://www.canada.com/topics/news/world/story.html?id=b4d47fc8-9764-4bcb-9fa3-4cbd0d7c56e3&k=88232
54. http://snouck.blogspot.com/2006/11/muslims-in-west-implications-for.html
55. http://www.militantislammonitor.org/article/id/320
56. http://www.expatica.com/actual/article.asp?subchannel_id=1&story_id=30780
57. http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,20867,20817548-16947,00.html
58. http://memri.org/bin/articles.cgi?Page=archives&Area=sd&ID=SP139306
59. http://islamqa.com/index.php?ref=6622&ln=eng&txt=al-%E2%80%98aabid
60. http://www.faithfreedom.org/oped/YounusShaikh50331.htm
61. http://www.islamonline.net/servlet/Satellite?cid=1145175705661&pagename=IslamOnline-English-
Ask_Scholar/FatwaE/FatwaEAskTheScholar
62. http://www.islamonline.net/servlet/Satellite?pagename=IslamOnline-English-
Ask_Scholar/FatwaE/FatwaE&cid=1119503544462
63. http://www.guardian.co.uk/comment/story/0,3604,1605653,00.html
64. http://www.dawn.com/weekly/mazdak/20051112.htm
65. http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0510/p01s04-wome.html
66. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/015002.php
67. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/015008.php
68. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/009430.php
69. http://www.garnertedarmstrong.ws/UnitedEuropeStories/unitedeuropestory06-35.shtml
70. http://frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=14117
71. http://service.spiegel.de/cache/international/0,1518,376954,00.html
72. http://www.islaam.com/Article.aspx?id=117
73. http://www.benadorassociates.com/article/4462
74. http://www.nationalreview.com/comment/comment-taheri010603.asp
75. http://www.amazon.com/Eurabia-Euro-Arab-Axis-Bat-YeOr/dp/083864077X/
76. http://www.islamonline.net/askaboutislam/display.asp?hquestionID=4223
77. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/008212.php
78. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/005611.php
79. http://memri.org/bin/articles.cgi?Page=archives&Area=sd&ID=SP94105
80. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/83602.html
81. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/94809.html
82. http://www.khader.dk/flx/in_english/the_ten_commandments_of_democracy/
83. http://www.meforum.org/article/1437
84. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/92320.html
85. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=21222
86. http://www.washingtontimes.com/world/20070131-102348-3981r.htm
87. http://www.nysun.com/article/44831
88. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/005052.php
89. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/015022.php
90. http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/news/archive/2006/11/29/international/i114621S94.DTL
91. http://www.aftenposten.no/meninger/kronikker/article1240651.ece
92. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/eurabia-code_19.html
93. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/03/norwegian-government-surrenders-to.html
94. http://www.brucebawer.com/blog.htm
95. http://www.faithfreedom.org/oped/Fjordman51205.htm
96. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/011610.php
97. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1739
98. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/002750.php
99. http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/2238321.stm
100. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/015024.php
101. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/006664.php
102. http://www.foreignaffairs.org/20050901faessay84506/f-gregory-gause-iii/can-democracy-stop-terrorism.html
103. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/014250.php
104. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/014369.php
105. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=23192&only
106. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/009732.php
107. http://www.commentarymagazine.com/cm/main/viewArticle.aip?id=10813&page=all
108. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=24141
109. http://www.worldnetdaily.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=29483
110. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/014943.php
111. http://www.danielpipes.org/article/3437
112. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=23762_CAIRs_Victimization_Game&only
113. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=23450_CAIRs_Five-Year_Propaganda_Push_Continues&only
114. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/014530.php
115. http://atlasshrugs2000.typepad.com/atlas_shrugs/2007/02/preparing_for_w.html
116. http://www.opendemocracy.net/democracy-opening/focus_2944.jsp
117. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/eurabia-code_19.html
118. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/12/sarkozy-backs-finkielkraut-over-muslim_09.html
119. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/04/is-european-civil-war-inevitable-by.html
120. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racial_and_Religious_Hatred_Act_2006
121. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1101
121. http://50.832.4.364subf48:KEmhitf867483597136ЏЉ
122. http://democracyreform.blogspot.com/2006/11/democracy-needs-reformation-by-ohmyrus.html
123. http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/165842/1/.html
124. http://www.migrationwatchuk.org/pressreleases/pressreleases.asp?dt=30-January-2007
125. http://democracyreform.blogspot.com/
126. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/opinion/main.jhtml?xml=/opinion/2007/02/25/do2501.xml
127. http://www.amnation.com/vfr/
128. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/012894.php
129. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/recommendations-for-west.html
130. http://www.littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/
Demography
2.52 Demography and the Islamisation of Europe
“Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.”
Aldous Huxley
Why are demographical studies important?
Europe is under siege by Islam. It is under demographical
siege. In order for us, the resistance, to do what is required of
us we need to properly analyse and comprehend demographical
data. If we had learned from our own history, from our Eastern
European brethren, we could have avoided this mess
altogether. European demographical studies, especially in the
Balkans and elsewhere, confirm that the Global Islamic Ummah
has deliberately waged a demographic warfare against Eastern
Europe since the fall of the Christian Byzantine Empire. In light
of the following documentation it is easy to understand the
Western European regimes role in all of this. The US and
Western Europe wanted to see a dysfunctional Balkan because
a strong and potent Slavic Balkan allied with Russia would pose
a threat to cultural Marxist/multiculturalist Western Europe.
However, once the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regimes of Western Europe falls in
phase 3 (2070-2090), order will again be restored not only in Western Europe but in the
Balkans as well. The Muslims will finally be driven out.
Demographics – Islamic demographic warfare
’“One day, millions of men will leave the Southern Hemisphere to go to the Northern
Hemisphere. And they will not go there as friends. Because they will go there to conquer it.
And they will conquer it with their sons. The wombs of our women will give us victory.”
Former Algerian President Houari Boumedienne’s prophetic warning to Europe in a speech
at the U.N. In 1974.
After the European colonies achieved independence, the European countries enabled
mass immigration from their former colonies. In the 1960s and early 1970s, guest
workers were brought over by the governments of France, the UK, Germany, the
Netherlands, Belgium and Scandinavia. Once the European countries imposed an
immigration ban, the type of immigration shifted. Today most Muslim immigrants come
either as asylum seekers or as part of family reunification. Many of the second generation
migrants marry spouses from their former homeland.
Islam in Europe (1990-2008) – Falsified numbers provided by multiculturalists
per 2008
<1%
1%–2% (Italy, Norway, Greece)
2%–3% (Denmark Spain, Slovenia, UK)
3%–4% (Germany, Sweden, Serbia)
4%–5% (Belgium, Austria, Switzerland)
5%–10% (Netherlands, France)
10%–20% (Russia, Bulgaria, Montenegro, Cyprus)
20%–40% (Macedonia)
40%–60% (Bosnia and Herzegovina)
60%–80% (Albania)
80%–95% (Kosovo)
Several countries have gone to great lengths to conceal the size of their Muslim
population. In some countries they have even made it illegal to gather such info. The
primary reason is because they do not want right wing organisations to make an issue
out of it. If we were allowed to (they feel), it would contribute to stigmatise Muslims and
it would make it counter productive in regards to integration measures. If this
information was available it would be a lot harder for the current Western European
regimes to continue to justify multiculturalism and the ongoing Islamic demographic
warfare being waged. The below overview should reflect the correct numbers for 2009
(estimates).
Muslims in Europe - Actual numbers 2009 (+ projections)
2009 2030 2050 2070
Iceland 1%–2% 6% 12% 24%
Malta 1%–2% 7% 14% 28%
Portugal 2%–3% 8% 16% 32%
Greece 2%–3% 8% 16% 32%
Finland 2%–3% 8% 16% 32%
Luxembourg 4%–5% 10% 20% 38%
Norway 4%–5% 10% 20% 38%
UK 4%–5% 10% 20% 38%
Denmark 5%–6% 12% 24% 40%
Italy 5%–6% 12% 24% 40%
Sweden 6%–7% 14% 28% 46%
Switzerland 6%–7% 14% 28% 46%
Germany 7%–8% 16% 32% 50%
Belgium 7%–8% 16% 32% 50%
Netherlands 9%–10% 20% 40% 55%
France 12%–13% 25% 50% 70%
Russia 18% 28% 54% 72%
Serbia (w. Kosovo) 24% (Serbia – 3,2%, Kosovo 94%)
(conservative estimates, actual numbers might be higher)
Muslims in Western Europe, 1955-2090
Year Muslims
1955 50 000
1970 2 000 000
1980 5 000 000
1990 11 000 000
2005 23 000 000
2009 30 000 000
2030 50 000 000
2050 70 000 000
2070 100 000 000
2090 140 000 000
Muslim demography, projections[1]
Don Melvin writes that, excluding Russia, Europe's Muslim population will double by
2020. He also says that in 2005, almost 85% of Europe's total population growth in 2005
was due to immigration in general. Omer Taspinar predicts that the Muslim population of
Europe will nearly double by 2015, while the non-Muslim will shrink by 3.5%, due to the
higher Muslim birth rate[1].
Source:
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islam_in_Europe
Muslim Demographic growth – Western Europe
Realistic case Best case Worst case
Year Musl%
2010 3,7
2015 5,0
2020 6,5
2025 8,3
2030 10,4
2040 15,7
2050 22,4
2075 44,9
2100 68,9
Year Musl%
2010 3,0
2015 3,6
2020 4,3
2025 5,1
2030 6,0
2040 8,1
2050 10,7
2075 19,4
2100 31,7
Year Musl%
2010 4,7
2015 7,0
2020 9,8
2025 13,1
2030 17,0
2040 26,5
2050 38,1
2075 68,7
2100 88,3
Sweden Muslim demographics[1]
>1940 - 10-100
The first came as refugees during the WW2, primarily North Turks who came through the
Baltic’s and Russia.
1950 The first Muslim organisation created in Stockholm in the 50s. Aprox. 50-100
Muslims were involved.
1964 - 600
1970-75 - 10 000
1980 - 40 000
1990 - 150 000
2001 - 370 000
2006 - 475 000
2008 - 500 000-600 000
Source:
1. http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=4837696212142783883
2008 - Numbers and percentages of Muslims in many European cities
(legal/illegal including city suburbs)[1][2][3]:
A majority of the “official” numbers are false. Usually the specific country will only include
individual Muslims who are registered with a mosque. In other cases a capital city will
deliberately exclude related Muslim suburbs. In most cases, the city will deliberately
avoid creating these types of statistics to prevent stigma.
1946 1970 1990 2008 2030
Marseilles 0% >2% 19% 38% 51%
Malmö 0% >1% 17% 35% 48%
Brussels 0% >2% 17% 35% 48%
Amsterdam 0% >2% 15% 30% 45%
Stockholm 0% >1% 10% 20% 35%
London 0,1% >1% 10% 20% 35%
Paris 0,1% >2% 10% 20% 35%
Oslo 0% >1% 10% 20% 35%
Moscow 0% >2% 8-10% 16-20% 33%
Berlin 0% >1% 9% 18% 30%
Hague 0% >1% 8% 17% 29%
Copenhagen 0% >1% 8% 17% 29%
Utrecht 0% >3% 7-8% 15% 25%
Rotterdam 0% >2% 7-8% 15% 25%
Antwerp 0% >1% 7-8% 15% 25%
Hamburg 0% >1% 7-8% 15% 25%
Related stories (a few randomly selected articles):
- Brussels: Possible Muslim majority in 15-20 years[4]
- Muslims oppose mixed swimming, want separate pools and hijab[5]
- Berlin: Muslim Fundamentalist Kindergarden opened[6]
- Germany: Imams unable to help integration as many are fundamentalists[7]
- Berlin: 25% foreigners, 40% foreigner youth[8]
- Over 80 percent of the mosques in the United States “have been radicalised by Saudi money and
influence”[9]
- Saudi funding Western academia to make it less “Islamophobic.”[10]
- Rotterdam: 24% of Turks, 22% of Moroccans, married with family[11]
- Hospitals to offer halal food, accommodates Muslim patients[12]
- Muslim terror in Utrecht[13]
- Denmark: The caricature drawers have received more than 110 death threats[14]
- Denmark: 6-8 Muslim girls went to the school of the daughter of one of the carikature drawers to
beat her up[15]
- The Norwegian government support the creation of Sharia councils in Norway[16]
- Islamic power struggles have occurred within Muslim religious societies where the more
conservative Muslims want to increase “traditionalism” while the more moderate want to wait until
they are stronger[17]
- Sharia laws already implemented in several asylum camps[18]
- “One time use only” hijab introduced in health care industry and other businesses[19]
- 51 out of 125 primary schools in Oslo have immigrant majority. A great majority of these
immigrants are Muslims.[20]
- Bosnia: Sarajevo almost fully Muslim[21]
- Athens: Muslim street battles[22]
- UK: 3 out of 5 Brits say they live in a broken country[23]
- UK: Secret Labour plan to increase immigration for social reasons dismissed public’s opposition as
“racist”[24]
Sources:
1. http://www.globalpolitician.com/24799-europe
2. http://tinyfrog.wordpress.com/2009/05/03/muslim-demographics/
3. Indymedia.be notes that Brussels is 25.5% Muslim
4. http://www.lefigaro.fr/international/2008/03/21/01003-20080321ARTFIG00068-l-islam-premiere-religiona-bruxelles-dans-
vingt-ans.php http://islamineurope.blogspot.com/2008/03/brussels-possible-muslim-majority-in-15.html
5. http://www.islamonline.net/servlet/Satellite?c=Article_C&cid=1224694278772&pagename=Zone-English-News/NWELayout
6. http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,2144,3407535,00.html
7. http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/0,1518,562950,00.html
8. http://islamineurope.blogspot.com/2008/07/berlin-25-foreigners-40-foreigner-youth.html
9. http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?apage=1&cid=1132475689987&pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull
10. http://www.globalpolitician.com/node/1282
11. http://www.volkskrant.nl/binnenland/article511908.ece/Kwart_Rotterd
12. http://leiden.westonline.nl/nieuwsitem/14116
13. http://www.nisnews.nl/public/021008_2.htm
14. http://www.vg.no/nyheter/utenriks/artikkel.php?artid=124183
15. http://www.vg.no/pub/vgart.hbs?artid=124183
16. http://www.vg.no/pub/vgart.hbs?artid=61199
17. http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/iriks/article1240110.ece
18. http://www.vg.no/pub/vgart.hbs?artid=107831
19. http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/iriks/article2756429.ece
20. http://www.dagsavisen.no/innenriks/article418561.ece
21. http://www.adnkronos.com/AKI/English/Politics/?id=1.0.2396935759
22. http://www.iht.com/articles/2008/10/02/europe/greece.php
23. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article7020009.ece?&EMC-Bltn=CDNGQ2F
24. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1252926/Chris-Grayling-criticised-Labours-Phil-Woolas-secret-immigration-
plans.html
General source for UK, Russia, Germany, Sweden:
http://www.morgenbladet.no/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20080620/OAKTUELT/881038969
General source for various articles:
http://islamineurope.blogspot.com/search/label/Demographics
European fertility vs Islamic fertility
“Every Western woman in the EU is producing an average of 1.4 children. Every Muslim woman in the same countries
is producing 3.5 children. By 2050, 30 percent of the population in Europe will be Muslim.” said Mulla Krekar[1].
1. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/09/why-we-cannot-rely-on-moderate-muslims.html
European vs Muslim fertility rate
Year Non-
Muslim
Muslim
France 1,7 3,2
UK 1,6 3,6
Greece 1,3 3,4
Germany 1,3 3,2
Italy 1,2 3,2
Spain 1,2 3,2
EU average 1,3 3,3
Islamic demographic warfare in the Balkans
A majority of the Muslim apologists in the west will say that Islam and Sharia was never
important to the Muslims in the Balkans, the Muslim Albanians and Bosniaks. This is a
false claim. The Code of Lekë (Kanun) was a local variant of Sharia and was instrumental
in the Jihadi demographic warfare being waged against the non-Muslims.
Even today, Albanian Muslims continue to Islamise Kosovo from the Serbs and
Chameria/Çamëria from Greece.
Balkan countries – Muslim percentage of population[1]
1. Slovenia - Muslim 2.4%
2. Croatia - Muslim 1.3%
3. Bosnia and Herzegovina - Muslim 40% (Bosniak 48%)
4. Serbia - Muslim 3.2%
Kosovo – Muslim 90-95% (Albanians 88% Serbs 7%)
5. Albania - Muslim 70%
6. FYROM Macedonia - Muslim 33.3%
7. Greece - Muslim 1.3%
8. Bulgaria - Muslim 12.2%
1. CIA World Fact book - 2008
Kosovo demographical development[1]:
1900 40% Islam
1913 50%
1925 60%
1948 72%
1971 79%
1981 85%
2008 93% (NATO coup - Kosovo lost) Successful Jihad
Source:
1. http://www.serbianna.com/columns/savich/011.shtml#6
Various demographical data
Muslims in the US[1]
1.1 million (2001) City University of New York - American Religious Identification Survey
[0.5% of national adult population]
1.6 million (2000) Glenmary Research Center
1.8 million (2007) The World Factbook
1.9 million (2001) American Jewish Committee
2.0 million (2000) Hartford Institute for Religious Research
2.4 million (2007) Pew Research Center
4.7 million (2005) Encyclopædia Britannica Book of the Year
6-7 million (2001) Council on American-Islamic Relations - The Mosque in America: A
National Portrait
6.7 million (1997) J. Ilyas Ba-Yunus [2.2% of national population]
7 to 8 million (2008) Newsweek
9-10 million (2009)?
Source:
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islam_in_America
Current Balkan demographics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethnic_groups_in_Bosnia_and_Herzegovina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_Serbia_and_Montenegro
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_Serbia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macedonia
Historic Balkan and Anatolia demographics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographic_history_of_Macedonia
1900-2000
1923 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Distribution_of_Races_on_the_Balkans_in_1923.jpg
1922 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Distribution_of_Races_on_the_Balkans_in_1922_Hammond.png
1918 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Hellenism_in_the_Near_East_1918.jpg
1918 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Distribution_Of_Races_1918_National_Geographic.jpg
1918 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Carte_ethnographique_de_l%27Europe_centrale_et_des_
%C3%A9tats_Balkaniques_-_La_Science_et_la_Vie_1918,_P.jpg
1914 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Balkan_dialects_belic_1914.jpg
N/A http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_Kosovo
N/A http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Balkans-ethnique.JPG
1914
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4e/Proportions_des_populations_en_Asie_Mineure_statistique_officielle_d19
14.png
1911 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Ethnicturkey1911.jpg
Serbian point of view
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Macedonia_-_Point_of_View_of_the_Serbs.jpg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Carte_ethnographique_de_la_P%C3%A9ninsule_des_Balkans.jpg
>1900
1878 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Sanstefanska_Bulgaria.png
1877 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Edward_Stanford_1877.jpg
1877 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Balkans-ethnic_(1877).jpg
1876 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Constantinople_conference.png
1870 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Ethnographic_Map_of_Turkey_in_Europe.jpg
1870 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Bulgarian-Exarchate-1870-1913.jpg
1869 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Slaven.jpg
1867 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:RizMap22.jpg
1861 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Balkans-ethnic_(1861).jpg
1847 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Ethnographic_map_Ami_Boue_1847.jpg
1683-1699 - Habsburg-Ottoman War
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ottoman%E2%80%93Habsburg_wars
http://www.zum.de/whkmla/military/17cen/habsbott16831699.html
1648 Europe http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/Europe_map_1648.PNG
1300 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Aftermath_of_Manzikert.PNG
1250 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:1250.PNG
1180 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Byzantium1170lightpurple_%2B_seljuks.PNG
1173 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Byzantium1173.JPG
1095 - Crusades start (defensive Christian campaigns)
1071
Battle of Manzikert http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Manzikert
Decisive Byzantine defeat
1045 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Byzantine_Macedonia_1045CE.svg
Byzantine Greeks/Byzantine Seljuk Wars/Turkic people
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byzantine_Greeks
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byzantine%E2%80%93Seljuk_Wars
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turkic_people
Material to study:
1. Congress of Berlin (with demographic maps)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Congress_of_berlin
2. Treaty of San Stefano
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_San_Stefano
3. Treaty of Sevres
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_sevres
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:TreatyOfSevres_(corrected).PNG
4. Greek territorial claims Anatolia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:ParisPeace-Venizelos-Map.png
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris_Peace_Conference,_1919
5. Armenian territorial claims
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Proposed_Armenian_state_in_Asia_Minor.png
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris_Peace_Conference,_1919
6. Greco-Turkish War (1919-1922)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greco-Turkish_War_(1919%E2%80%931922)
Islamic demography
World Muslim distribution
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/9/9c/MuslimDistribution2.jpg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_world
Map of Global conflicts (80%+ involve Islam)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Map_of_sites_of_ongoing_armed_conflicts_worldwide.png
Demography in the Middle East
Lebanon demographical development – (Christian/Muslim pop)[1]:
1911 - 21% Islam
1921 - 45%
1932 - 49%
1943 - 48%
1970 - 58% (Civil war 1975–1990 started when Islam reached 60%)
1990 - 65% (Christians lost the war)
2008 - 75%
2030 - 90%? (Lebanon lost - Successful Jihad)
Source:
1. Tomass Mark, Game theory with instrumentally irrational players: A Case Study of Civil War and Sectarian Cleansing, Journal
of Economic Issues, Lincoln; June 1997.
Bethlehem
Source 1
1948 85% Christians[1]
2006 12% Christians[1]
Source 2
1948 - 60% Christians[2]
1983 - 20% Christians[2]
I have been unable to verify which of the sources (1 or 2 is correct). In any case, it
shows exactly how the Christian people have been demographically anihilated. There are
reports of religious persecution, in the form of murders, beatings and land grabs. This
happens while European tax money is used to fund the Palestinian Authority, which again
means that while European countries and EU authorities are warning against
“Islamophobia,” they are indirectly funding the ethnic cleansing of Christians in the
Middle East.
Jerusalem[3]
1946 - 60% Christians
2006 - 2% Christians
The same applies in other parts of Israel. A report from the Galilee village of Turan
quotes a Christian store owner: "Most Christians will leave as soon as we can sell our
houses and shops. We can't live among these people [Muslims] anymore." One journalist
concludes that "The Christian community in the West Bank is close to extinction.
At the present rate, the Middle East's 12 million Christians will likely drop to 6 million in
the year 2020.
Source:
1. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=23696_Christmas_Disappears_from_Bethlehem&only
2. http://www.danielpipes.org/1050/disappearing-christians-in-the-middle-east
3. http://www.danielpipes.org/1050/disappearing-christians-in-the-middle-east
Anatolia (Turkey)
Anatolias bloody history is dominated by ethnic cleansing/forceful conversions of
Christian Armenians/Greeks by their Muslim Seljuk masters.
1300 – 99% Christians
1450 – 90% (3 years before the fall of Constantinople)
1600 – 55%
1850 – 35% (Genocide/forceful conversions intensifies)
1900 – 20%
1920 – 15%
1945 – 6% (Focus shifts to persecution of Muslim Kurds)
1980 – 3%
2009 – 1%
1. http://home.att.net/~dimostenis/greektr.html
2. See all sources from Historic Balkan and Anatolia demographics
Syria [1]
1920 – 33% Christians
2007 – 10% (would be less than 5% if it weren’t for Christian immigration from Iraq).
Note that Syria/Damascus used to be Christian.
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Mandate_of_Syria.png
2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syria
Pakistan (Hindu/Muslim population) [1]
1941 – 25% Hindus
1948 – 17%
1991 – 1,5%
2007 – 1%
Bangladesh (Hindu/Muslim population) [1]
1941 – 30% Hindus
1948 – 25%
1971 – 15%
1991 – 10%
2007 – 8%
Source:
1. http://hrcbmdfw.org/blogs/bangladesh/archive/2007/07/13/722.aspx
India [2]
Year Hindus/Sikhs Muslims Christians/others
1947 94% 5% 1%
1978 85% 14% 1,5%
2008 75% 23% 2%
2038 50% 47% 3%
2068 38% 58% 4%
In India as in Europe, the Global Islamic Ummah is continuing the ongoing demographic
warfare and is seemingly successful. The India elites, just like European elites, are aiding
and abetting the Muslim conquest by way of appeasement. If the development in India is
allowed to continue and our Hindu Nationalist brothers do not rise up soon we will see a
Muslim majority in India in 2035-2040.
For future reference; by Hindus we mean the Four Arms of the Dharma:- mainstream
Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists and Jains. This is an unknown definition/concept to most
Europeans; Sikhs are considered as a warrior sect of Sanatana Dharma. To a majority of
Hindus; Sikhs, Buddhists and Jains are not a part of the minority but rather an integral
part of Sanatana Dharma. However, anti-Dharmic, secularists and foreign media are bent
upon separating each one into a separate religion. The British colonialists were the first
who started to separate the four branches in order to play “divide and conquer” in which
they succeeded.
Source:
1. http://www.sanghparivar.org/forum/when-muslims-will-become-absolute-majority-in-india-india-will-be-declared-islamic-
country-if- By Saugato Banerjee
Pakistan’s demographical explosion[1]
1951 - 33,816,000 - 17.80%
1961 - 42,978,000 - 22.46%
1972 - 65,321,000 - 25.40%
1981 - 84,254,000 - 28.28%
1998 - 130,580,000 - 32.51%
2008 - 172,800,000 - 32.34%
From 33 million to 172 million in only 60 years! This is the population explosion you end
up with if you allow an immigrant birth rate (fertility rate) of only 3,58 which was the
2008 estimate in Pakistan[1]. Obviously, this “official” fertility rate has been falsified and
is much higher.
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_Pakistan
Middle East - Jewish/Christian demographic overview from peak - 600AD
I have been unable to find any demographic overviews illustrating Jewish/Christian
numbers from year 600 AD in the Middle East (Peak numbers before Islam was
established). So the following numbers are estimates created on the basis of available
historical sources. It shows an estimate which tells us a lot about how Islamic
imperialism caused (and still causes today) historical demographic decline in percentages
of Jews and Christians in specific Middle Eastern territories.
We have managed to document several hundred Jihadi genocides against Jews and
Christians, and thousands of pogroms/forced conversion campaigns but we never see the
big picture through a concise historical demographic overview. I haven't seen any solid
demographic curve which can easier illustrate how Jihad and dhimmitude has caused this
downward spiral. Therefore, it is our responsibility to continue to develop, make
adjustments to any possible errors and find more sources which can confirm the existing
estimates. F example to create a demographic curve showing: year 600, 1000, 1500,
2000). By showing people the "big picture" they will realize the future results of the
ongoing Islamisation in Western Europe and the psychopathic nature of the so called
"Palestinian claim" of victimhood and people will begin to understand what Islam and
Jihad really is. Demographical research is necessary in order to explain to people why
mass deportation of Muslims is the only viable alternative.
Year 600 AD - Demographic overview in the Middle East, estimate
Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Algeria - Christians 50%, Jews 10%, other 40%
Egypt - Christians 60%, Jews 20%, other 20%
Syria - Christians 80%, Jews 10%, Zoroastrians 10%
Jordan - Christians 70%, Jews 20%, Zoroastrians 10%
Iran (Persia) - Zoroastrians 80%, Christians 10%, other10%
Iraq - Christians 50%, Jews 20%, Zoroastrians 30%
Saudi Arabia - Jews 30%, Christians 10%, Arabic paganism 60%
Yemen - Jews 30%, Christians 20%, Arabic paganism 50%
Oman - Jews 10%, Christians 20%, Arabic paganism 70%
Anatolia (Byzantine) - Christian 95%, Jews 5%
Armenia - Christian 95%, Jews 5%
African population explosion
Estimated population in Africa:
1982 - 500 000 000
2009 - 1 000 000 000
2030 - 1 500 000 000
2050 - 2 000 000 000
This population explosion is facilitated by Europe and the US through the myriad of aid
programs. A great number of these new born individuals have no hope and many end up
attempting to flee to Europe.
Statistics
2.53 Statistics and the Islamisation of Europe
General statistics
- 65-70% of converts to Islam in Europe are females[1].
- More civilians were killed by Muslim extremists in two hours on September 11th than in
the 36 years of sectarian conflict in Northern Ireland[2].
- More people are killed by Islamists each year than in all 350 years of the Spanish
Inquisition combined[3].
- Islamic terrorists murder more people everyday than the Ku Klux Klan has in the last
50 years[4].
- EU: 50% of anti-Semitic incidents connected to radical Islam[5]
Worldwide statistics [7]
65,2% of Muslims wants: “To unify all Islamic countries into a single Islamic state or
Caliphate”
65,5% of Muslims wants: “To require a strict application of Sharia law in every Islamic
country”
Mainstream Muslims from Morocco to Indonesia therefore share with their co-religionists
from al-Qaeda the goal (if not necessarily supporting the gruesome means) of re-
establishing an Islamic Caliphate. Polling data released (April 24, 2007) in a rigorously
conducted face-to-face University of Maryland/ WorldPublicOpinion.org interview survey
of 4384 Muslims conducted between December 9, 2006 and February 15, 2007:
1000 Moroccans
1000 Egyptians
1243 Pakistanis
1141 Indonesians
- reveal that 65.2% of those interviewed-almost 2/3, hardly a "fringe minority"-desired
this outcome (i.e., "To unify all Islamic countries into a single Islamic state or Caliphate"),
including 49% of "moderate" Indonesian Muslims. The internal validity of these data
about the present longing for a Caliphate is strongly suggested by a concordant result:
65.5% of this Muslim sample approved the proposition "To require a strict [My
emphasis] application of Shari'a law in every Islamic country."
Notwithstanding a historical drivel from Western Muslim "advocacy" groups such as the
Muslim Association of Britain, which lionises both the Caliphate and the concomitant
institution of Shari'a as promulgators of "a peaceful and just society", the findings from
the University of Maryland/ WorldPublicOpinion.org poll are ominous.
Sources:
1. http://www.facebook.com/ext/share.php?sid=60527748839&h=IpIyS&u=9E17E&ref=nf
2. http://cain.ulst.ac.uk/issues/violence/death95w.htm
3. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_Inquisition
4. http://www.law.umkc.edu/faculty/projects/ftrials/shipp/lynchingyear.html
5. http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1201867280106&pagename=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull
6. http://www.worldpublicopinion.org/pipa/articles/brasiapacificra/440.php?nid=&id=&pnt=440
7. University of Maryland/ WorldPublicOpinion.org
US
Gallup Poll '07: 82% of Americans identify with Christianity.
A recent poll sponsored by the Chicago CFR and the German Marshall Fund of the US:79
percent of Americans favoured keeping Muslims out.
Pew Research Poll 9-25: "Americans' attitudes about Muslims are more negative now
than in years past." 35% of us have negative views about the smiley-face Muslims.
Russia
A recent poll: 62% of Russian youth want to deport immigrants (Muslims): "But if they
stay they must obey Russian laws and customs."
France
2007 - A report by France’s domestic intelligence agency, published by Le Figaro,
estimated last year that there were 30,000 to 50,000 converts in France.
The conversion to Islam of fragile individuals undoubtedly leads to the risk of diversion to
terrorism,” the intelligence agency’s report said, adding that radical groups have recruited
converts because they could cross borders easily or serve as front men for renting
accommodations or providing other logistical support.
The new recruits could provide foreign-born Islamic militants with invisibility and cover,
by escaping the scrutiny often reserved for young men of Arab descent.
In an interview, one French antiterrorism official said many recent converts were women,
further complicating the standard profile.
Militant converts come to Islam in several ways, most notably through contact with
militant Muslims while serving time in Europe’s prisons, where the Islamic population has
skyrocketed. Richard Reid, the so-called shoe bomber from Britain, converted to Islam in
prison.
Source: http://www.religionnewsblog.com/7916
Ireland
70% increase in the Muslim population between 2002-2006 according to Irelands Central
Statistics Office (CSO)
Netherlands
- In the Netherlands, 63 per cent of respondents thought Islam was incompatible with
modern European life[1].
- Rotterdam - Nationalism markedly increased among ethnic Dutch youth. In 1999 10%
said they were willing to defend Dutch identity if it was being crushed. In 2006 the
percentage tripled.[2]
- In 1999, 40% of Moroccan youth strictly followed the rules of Islam, seven years later
that grew to 60%. A similar movement is presented when it comes to adaptation. In
1999, a quarter of Moroccans thought they don't need to adapt, and now that went up to
40%.[2]
Sources:
1. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=8B99760A-E931-4EE8-8AC7-EB047E8A67B8
2. http://www.ad.nl/rotterdam/stad/2170149/Eens_een_allochtoon_altijd_een_allochtoon.html
Sweden
Opinion polls have revealed that two out of three Swedes doubt whether Islam can be
combined with Swedish society[1].
1. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=8B99760A-E931-4EE8-8AC7-EB047E8A67B8
Germany
Sunni Muslims living in Germany are religious to an above-average degree; 92 percent
identify themselves as being religious. Among Shiites in Germany, that number lies at 90
percent, and it is 77 percent for members of the Alevite community[1].
According to a study commissioned by the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung newspaper, 56
percent of Germans said they believed a "clash of cultures" already existed. 71 percent
said they believed Islam to be "intolerant," some 91 per cent said they associated Islam
with oppression of women. Asked if there should be a ban on the building of mosques in
Germany as long as the building of churches in some Islamic states is forbidden, 56 per
cent agreed. There was even considerable backing for ending Germany's constitutional
right of freedom of religion with regard to Islam. Asked if strict limits should be imposed
on the practice of Islam in Germany to protect the country, 40 per cent said they would
support such moves[2].
Polls: 59-70 support the statement; ”There are too many immigrants in Germany”[3].
Sources:
1. http://islamineurope.blogspot.com/search?q=percentages+of+Muslims
2. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=8B99760A-E931-4EE8-8AC7-EB047E8A67B8
3. 59%: Financial Times/Harris Interactive, 19. februar 2007. 70%: Die Zeit, 8. mai 2008
UK Statistics
Poll: Almost 25% of British Muslims say the July 7 attacks can be justified[1]
Almost a quarter of British Muslims say the July 7 attacks, the atrocity which claimed 52
innocent lives can be justified because of the Government’s support for the ‘war on
terror’.
Poll: 33% of Muslims said they disapprove of the freedoms allowed in this country (the
UK) they would rather live under Sharia law[2].
Poll: 33% of Muslims said they also dream Britain will one day become an Islamic
state[1].
Poll: Some 40% say Britain is a country of bad moral behaviour, while 66 per cent say
British parents allow their children too much freedom. A total of 44 per cent would rather
send their children to a state funded Muslim school[1].
- 86% of UK muslims consider ”my religion to be the most important thing in my life
[3].
- 37% of muslims aged 16-24 say: we would prefer to live in the UK under Shariah
law [3].
- 74% of muslims aged 16-24 say: we would prefer muslim women in the UK to
wear the hijab [3].
- 13% of muslims aged 16-24 say: we admire Al Qaeda and understand the motives
of the London bombers [3].
In a British poll from January 2007, a massive 82% disagreed (57% strongly) as to
whether the government was in control of immigration. When asked if the government
was "open and honest" about the scale of immigration into Britain, 80% disagreed[4].
80% of the Muslim children in Bradford, UK attends Quran school after regular school
hours [5].
50% of Muslim individuals in Bradford, UK fetches a husband/wife from the country of
origin via family re-unification arrangements. This has a “reversing” effect on integration.
[6].
- 2009 [7]: 81% of the public are worried about the prospect of the population
reaching 70million in 2028, as predicted by Whitehall statisticians. It is currently
61million.
- 78% say Alan Johnson is out of touch with people like them.
- 76% want to see net immigration - the number of migrants entering the country
minus the number leaving - cut from its present level of 237,000 a year to 50,000
or less.
- Of that 76%, 32% want to see a policy of 'one in, one out' while 22% want to see
no immigration at all.
- 64% of adults believe 'laws on immigration should be much tougher'.
- 9% said immigration should be halted completely.
- 7% favoured more relaxed immigration policies.
- 69% described immigration as either a 'big problem' or a 'very big problem'.
In a British poll from February 2010, a massive 70% shows their discontent with
multiculturalism and Islamisation:
3 out of 5 Brits believe that the UK has become a broken country due to multiculturalism.
Voters are deeply pessimistic about the state of Britain today, believing that society is
broken and heading in the wrong direction, a Populus poll for The Times has found.
Nearly three fifths of voters say that they hardly recognise the country they are living in,
while 42 per cent say they would emigrate if they could.
It suggests that 70 per cent believe that society is now broken, echoing a Conservative
campaign theme of the past two years, while 68 per cent say people who play by the
rules get a raw deal and 82 per cent think it is time for a change.[8]
Sources:
1. http://www.religionnewsblog.com/15540/almost-a-quarter-of-muslims-believe-77-was-justified
2. http://www.apologeticsindex.org/s40.html
3. Policy Exchange Poll
4. http://www.migrationwatchuk.org/pressreleases/pressreleases.asp?dt=30-January-2007
5. http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/uriks/article3131587.ece#chNum=1
6. Aftenposten, Oslo, Printed Edition, June 21 st 2008
7. The Migrationwatch poll, conducted by ORB - Read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1201471/Four-Britons-
want-immigration-capped-poll-shows.html#ixzz0M4N1wyOO
8. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article7020009.ece?&EMC-Bltn=CDNGQ2F
Pakistani statistics
- Pakistani Troops Pursuing al-Qaeda (Poll: Oct 2007)[1]
Do you favour or oppose the Pakistani army entering federally administered tribal areas to
pursue and capture al Qaeda fighters?
Support: 44% vs. Oppose: 36%
These attitudes reflect Pakistani sympathy for Islamist goals. A substantial 60
percent[My emphasis] majority believes that "Shari'a should play a larger role in
Pakistan law" than it does now. [1]
- Foreign Troops Pursuing al-Qaeda (Poll: Oct 2007)[1]
Do you think the Pakistan government should or should not allow American or other foreign
troops to enter Pakistan to pursue and capture al-Qaeda fighters?
Support: 5% vs. Oppose: 80%
- Government by Islamic Principles (Poll: Jan 2008)[2]
How important is it for you to live in a country that is governed according to Islamic
principles?
9 (0 = Not at all 10 = Absolutely)
- And how much do you think Pakistan is governed according to Islamic principles?
4,6 (0 = Not at all 10 = Absolutely)
So is the Pakistani public divided about the US? Apparently not. Overall about two-thirds
(64%) do not trust the United States "to act responsibly in the world." Only 27 percent
feel that the cooperation between Pakistan and the United States on security and military
matters has benefited Pakistan. Most striking, 72 percent believe the U.S. military
presence in Asia is a critical threat to Pakistan.
Iranian statistics[3]
Military and financial assistance to Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad
Iranians by nearly two-to-one approve their government providing
"military and financial assistance" to each of three militant terrorist groups in the region:
"Lebanese Hezbollah" (Support: 61% vs. Oppose 32%)
"Hamas and Islamic Jihad" (Support: 61% vs. Oppose 32%)
Should Iran create nuclear weapons?
Support: 51% vs. Oppose 39%)
Sources:
1. http://www.worldpublicopinion.org/pipa/articles/brasiapacificra/424.php?nid=&id=&pnt=424
2. http://www.worldpublicopinion.org/pipa/articles/brasiapacificra/440.php?nid=&id=&pnt=440
3. http://www.worldpublicopinion.org
Muslim population in European prisons[11]
Estimating the percentages of Muslims in prisons across Europe is not simple. In some
cases, such as Sweden, collecting such data is illegal. In many cases, the numbers are
only estimates.
I linked to some sources, but note that not all sources have the same reliability level.
EUMAP - EU Research program[1], NEWS - mentioned in the news.
Belgium - 16% (12.8% Moroccans, 3.1% Turks) [2], 35% [3]
(The real numbers are most likely 30-60%)
Denmark - 20% [4] (The real numbers are most likely 30-60%)
England+Wales - 11% [5] (The real numbers are most likely 30-60%)
France - 50%-70% [6]
Germany - 18% foreigners, lowest estimate for Muslims - 5% [7] (The real numbers are
most likely 30-60%)
Italy - 40% foreigners, 8% Moroccans [8] (The real numbers are most likely 30-60%)
The Netherlands: 20%, youth prisons - 26% [9] (The real numbers are most likely 30-
60%)
Spain - 70% [10]
Norway – 40%+ [12] (The real numbers are most likely 40-60%)
Sources:
1. http://www.eumap.org/topics/minority/reports/eumuslims/background_reports
2. http://www.eumap.org/topics/minority/reports/eumuslims/background_reports
3. http://www.khaleejtimes.com/DisplayArticleNew.asp?
col=&section=opinion&xfile=data/opinion/2008/July/opinion_July61.xml
4. http://www.kristeligt-dagblad.dk/artikel/279141:Danmark--Flertal-vil-kontrollere-faengselsimamer
5. http://www2.irna.ir/en/news/view/menu-234/0803293141182551.htm
6. http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/13733782/
http://www.nytimes.com/2004/12/08/international/europe/08prisons.html
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/04/28/AR2008042802560.html
7. http://www.eumap.org/topics/minority/reports/eumuslims/background_reports
8. http://www.adnkronos.com/AKI/English/CultureAndMedia/?id=1.0.2114309116
9. http://www.eumap.org/topics/minority/reports/eumuslims/background_reports
10. http://www.dicd.gov.ae/vEnglish/detailnewspage.jsp?articleID=6387&newsType=4&pageFlag=0
11. http://islamineurope.blogspot.com/2008/02/muslim-population-in-european-prisons.html
12. http://www.idag.no/aktuelt-oppslag.php3?ID=4045
Muhammad is the most popular name in many European cities/countries for
new born males
- Italy, Milan[1]
- Sweden, Malmø[2]
- Norway, Oslo[3]
- Belgium, Brussels[4]
- UK (whole country)
- Marseilles
- Amsterdam
- Stockholm
Variations of Muhammad:
Mohammed
Muhammed
Mohammad
Muhammad
Mohamed
Mohamad
Muhamad
Mahamed
Mohmmed
Mohamud
Mohammud
Mehmed
Mehmet (Turkish)
Mahomet
Mahoma (Spanish)
Maxamed
Mahommed
Mahammed
Mohammod
Muhammod
Mahmud
Ahmed
Hamid
al-Hamid
Names in italic are variations of Muhammad but are not usually included by EU
governments.
Sources:
1. http://islamineurope.blogspot.com/2008/05/milan-arab-names-most-common-baby-names.html
2. http://sydsvenskan.se/malmo/article305235.ece
3. http://islamineurope.blogspot.com/2008/01/oslo-muhammad-most-popular-boys-name.html -
http://www.ssb.no/vis/navn/art-2008-01-28-01.html -
http://pub.tv2.no/nettavisen/innenriks/ioslo/article1564558.ece
4. http://www.lefigaro.fr/international/2008/03/21/01003-20080321ARTFIG00068-l-islam-premiere-religiona-bruxelles-dans-
vingt-ans.php http://islamineurope.blogspot.com/2008/03/brussels-possible-muslim-majority-in-15.html
Europe today
“We can evade reality, but we cannot evade the consequences of evading reality.”
Ayn Rand
“The root of Europe's problems is the lack of cultural self-confidence (nationalism). Most
people are still terrified of nationalistic political doctrines thinking that if we ever embrace
these principles again, new “Hitler’s” will suddenly pop up and initiate global armageddon.
Needless to say; the growing numbers of nationalists in Europe are systematically being
ridiculed, silenced and persecuted by the current cultural Marxist/multiculturalist
political establishments.
This irrational fear of nationalistic doctrines is preventing us from stopping our own
national/cultural suicide as the hordes of Islam is increasing annually.“
2.54 Europe’s Decline – Hurrah! We Capitulate!
By Fjordman
This story is extremely serious. The European Union is now about to do what senior
officials have already agreed upon years ago in meetings with Muslim nations, as
documented by Bat Ye'or in her book about Eurabia[1]: To officially recognise sharia
law[2] in European countries:
A quote from the Gates of Vienna blog, 16 September 2008[3]
Muslims living in EU countries will in the future be able to divorce according to sharia law.
This is the belief of the EU Commission, which recommends that a couple be able to choose
which country's law they will follow if they divorce — as long as they have some kind of
connection to the country they choose. Because of Danish opt-out provisions, the EU
regulation will not have a direct impact on Denmark. But Danish People's Party EU
spokesman Morten Messerschmidt is still greatly concerned about the proposal: "It's a
completely lamebrain idea, the possibility that the Commission will use inhumane sharia
laws in the EU," he says to MetroXpress.
A quote from Serge Trifkovic at the Chronicles Magazine blog, 16 September 2008[4]
British papers are reporting that shari'a law has been officially adopted in Britain[5], with
shari'a courts given powers to rule on Muslim civil cases, notably including wife beating.
Gordon Brown's Labour government "has quietly sanctioned the powers for sharia judges to
rule on cases ranging from divorce and financial disputes to those involving domestic
violence." Particularly alarming is the fact that Islamic rulings are now enforceable with the
full power of the judicial system, through the county courts or High Court. […]
Contrary to the Christian concept of governmental legitimacy (Romans 13:1), Islam
condemns as rebellion against Allah's supremacy the submission to any other form of law
(Kuran, 5:50). Muslims believe that Shari'a should be used as a standard test of validity of
all positive laws. Christ recognised the realm of human government as legitimate when he
said, "Render therefore to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that
are God's" (Matthew 22:21). In Islam there is no such distinction between church and
state. Shari'a is not at all a "religious law" but a blend of political theory and penal law that
relies for the punishment of violators on the sword of the state. To be legitimate, all
political and legal power must rest with those who obey Allah's authority and his revealed
will sent down through his prophet (Kuran 5:59). Shari'a applies to all humankind just as
Kuran applies to all creation. Any law that is inconsistent with it is null and void, not only to
the Muslims, but to all humanity. Jews, Christians, and pagans are subject to Shari'a, too,
and from Muhammad's standpoint they cannot invoke the judgments and moral principles
of prior revelations (4:60). Resort to any other source of authority is not only unjustified, it
is satanic. The non-Muslims are to be judged by the laws of Islam in everything, "whether
they like it or not, whether they come to us or not."Shari'a stands above reason,
conscience, or nature. Its lack of any pretense to moral basis is explicit: there is no "spirit
of the law" in Islam, no discernment of the consequences of deeds. The revelation and
tradition must not be questioned or any other standard of judgment – least of all any
notion of "natural" justice inherent to men as such – can be invoked, let alone applied
(5:45).
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3525
1. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/eurabia-code_19.html
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3522
3. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/09/will-eu-recognize-sharia-divorce.html
4. http://www.chroniclesmagazine.org/?p=731
5. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3522
2.55 Jihad Destroys the Swedish Model
By Fjordman
I decided to write this essay following the riots in Malmö[1] this weekend. Malmö is
Sweden's third largest city and by far the worst city in Scandinavia when it comes to
Muslim aggression. I read recently that an Arab girl interviewed in Malmö[2] said that
she liked it so much there, it felt almost like an Arab city. Native Swedes have been
moving away from the city for years, turned into refugees in their own country by Jihad,
not too different from the non-Muslims in some regions of the Philippines, southern
Thailand or Kashmir in India, or for that matter Christian Serbs in Kosovo.
Sweden was presented during the Cold War as a middle way between capitalism and
Communism. When this model of a society collapses -- and it will collapse, under the
combined forces of Islamic Jihad, the European Union, multiculturalism and ideological
overstretch -- it is thus not just the Swedish state that will collapse but the symbol of
Sweden, the showcase of an entire ideological world view. I wrote two years ago[3] that
if the trend isn't stopped, the Swedish nation will simply cease to exist in any meaningful
way during the first half of this century. The country that gave us Bergman, ABBA and
Volvo could become known as the Bosnia of northern Europe, and the "Swedish model"
will be one of warning against ideological madness, not one of admiration. I still fear I
was right in that assessment.
Jonathan Friedman[4], an American living outside Malmö, mentions that the so-called
Integration Act of 1997 proclaimed that "Sweden is a Multicultural society." Notes to the
Act also stated that "Since a large group of people have their origins in another country,
the Swedish population lacks a common history. The relationship to Sweden and the
support given to the fundamental values of society thus carry greater significance for
integration than a common historical origin."
Native Swedes have thus been reduced to just another ethnic group in Sweden, with no
more claim to the country than the Kurds or the Somalis who arrived there last Thursday.
The political authorities of the country have erased their own people's history and
culture.
Jens Orback, Minister for Democracy, Metropolitan Affairs, Integration and Gender
Equality from the Social Democratic Party said during a debate in Swedish radio in 2004
that "We must be open and tolerant towards Islam and Muslims because when we
become a minority, they will be so towards us."
This is a government that knows perfectly well that their people will become a minority in
their own country, yet is doing nothing to stop this. On the contrary. Pierre Schori,
Minister for immigration, during a parliamentary debate in 1997 said that: "Racism and
xenophobia should be banned and chased [away]," and that one should not accept
"excuses, such as that there were flaws in the immigration and refugee policies."
In other words: It should be viewed as a crime for the native population not to assist in
wiping themselves out.
Orback's attitude is what follows once you declare that culture is irrelevant. Our culture,
even though we try to forget it, is steeped in a Judeo-Christian morality based on the
Golden Rule of reciprocity: "Do unto others as you would have them do unto you." (Luke
6:31)
Muslims, on the other hand, are steeped in an Islamic tradition based on Muslim
supremacy. Muslims view lack of force as a sign of weakness, and they despise
weakness, which is precisely why Adolf Hitler stated his admiration for Islam, and
thought it would be a better match for Nazism than Christianity, with its childish notions
of compassion.
A Swedish man was nearly killed for the crime of wearing clothes with his own national
flag while Sweden was participating in the 2006 football World Cup. Some "Multicultural
youths" found this to be an intolerable provocation, and the 24-year-old man was run
down by a car in Malmö, where Muhammad is becoming the most common name for
newborn boys.
Feriz and Pajtim, members of Gangsta Albanian Thug Unit in Malmö, explain how they
mug people downtown. They target a lone victim. "We surround him and beat and kick
him until he no longer fights back," Feriz said. "You are always many more people than
your victims. Cowardly?" "I have heard that from many, but I disagree. The whole point
is that they're not supposed to have a chance." They didn't express any sympathy for
their victims. "If they get injured, they just have themselves to blame for being weak,"
said Pajtim and shrugged.
The wave of robberies the city of Malmö has witnessed is part of a "war against the
Swedes[5]." This is the explanation given by young robbers from immigrant background
in interviews with Petra Åkesson. "When we are in the city and robbing we are waging a
war, waging a war against the Swedes." This argument was repeated several times.
"Power for me means that the Swedes shall look at me, lie down on the ground and kiss
my feet." The boys explain, laughingly, that "there is a thrilling sensation in your body
when you're robbing, you feel satisfied and happy, it feels as if you've succeeded, it
simply feels good." "We rob every single day, as often as we want to, whenever we want
to. The Swedes don't do anything, they just give us the stuff. They're so wimpy."
"Exit Folkhemssverige - En samhällsmodells sönderfall" (Exit the People's Home of
Sweden - The Downfall of a Model of Society) is a book from 2005 about immigration and
the Swedish welfare state model dubbed "the people's home," written by Jonathan
Friedman, Ingrid Björkman, Jan Elfverson and Åke Wedin. According to them, the
Swedish Multicultural elites see themselves first of all as citizens of the world. In order to
emphasise and accentuate diversity, everything Swedish is deliberately disparaged.
Opposition to this policy is considered a form of racism:
"The dominant ideology in Sweden, which has been made dominant by powerful methods
of silencing and repression, is a totalitarian ideology, where the elites oppose the national
aspect of the nation state. The problem is that the ethnic group that are described as
Swedes implicitly are considered to be nationalists, and thereby are viewed as racists."
The authors fear that the handling of the immigration policies has seriously eroded
democracy because the citizens lose their loyalty towards a state they no longer consider
their own. "Instead of increasing the active participation of citizens, the government has
placed clear restrictions on freedom of thought, freedom of speech and freedom of
congregation."
Mona Sahlin[6] has held various posts in Social Democratic cabinets, among others as
Minister for Democracy, Integration and Gender Equality. Sahlin has said that many
Swedes are envious of immigrants because they, unlike the Swedes, have a culture, a
history, something which ties them together. Notice how Swedish authorities first formally
state that Swedes don't have a history or a culture, and then proceed to lament the fact
that Swedes don't have a history or a culture. A neat trick.
Sahlin has also stated that: "If two equally qualified persons apply for a job at a
workplace with few immigrants, the one called Muhammad should get the job. It should
be considered an asset to have an ethnic background different from the Swedish one." In
2004, she was quoted as saying[7] that "A concerted effort that aims at educating
Swedes that immigrants are a blessing to their country must be pursued," stressing that
her compatriots must accept that the new society is Multicultural. "Like it or not, this is
the new Sweden."
Mona Sahlin was elected leader of the Social Democratic Party, as thus a future
contender for the post of Swedish Prime Minister, in 2007.
Why does the government dispense with the social contract and attack its own people
like this? Well, for starters, because it can. Sweden is currently arguably the most
politically repressive and totalitarian country in the Western world. It also has the highest
tax rates. That could be a a coincidence, but I'm not sure that it is. The state has become
so large and powerful that is has become an autonomous organism with a will of its own.
The people are there to serve the state, not vice versa. And because state power
penetrates every single corner of society, including the media, there are no places left to
mount a defence if the state decides to attack you.
It has been said jokingly that while other countries are states with armies, Pakistan is an
army with a state. Likewise, it could be argued that Sweden started out being a nation
with a bureaucracy and ended up being a bureaucracy with a nation. In fact, the
bureaucracy formally abolished the very nation it was supposed to serve. Its
representatives are no longer leaders of a people, but caretakers preoccupied only with
advancing their own careers through oiling and upholding, if possible expanding, the
bureaucratic machinery.
Swedes pay the highest tax rates of any (supposedly) free nation, and for this they get
flawed social security[8], non-existent physical security and a state apparatus dedicated
to their destruction.
Anna Ekelund[9] in the newspaper Aftonbladet writes that: "We are a people who allow
ourselves to be insulted by the government on a daily basis. We are not expected to be
capable of thinking for ourselves, of deciding what we will read, or managing our own
money. Swedes are as co-dependent as an alcoholic's wife. Yet we do not hurry to the
ballot box to remove the prevailing systems. Not because we don't want to but because
too many of us have painted ourselves into their corners."
Moreover, Swedes are keenly aware of the fact that their country is viewed by many
outsiders as a "model society." Sweden is a deeply ideological state dedicated to
imposing a certain world view on its citizens, and because the state is ideological,
dissenters are quite literally treated as enemies of the state.
In the book The New Totalitarians[10], the British historian Roland Huntford in the early
1970s pointed out that it was easier to establish the Fascist model [11] of the corporate
state in Sweden than in Mussolini's Italy for cultural reasons, since Sweden had a
centralised bureaucracy whereas Italians are skeptical of state authority. Put simply:
Swedes have tended to trust their bureaucrats, which no Italian in his right mind would
ever do.
According to him, "The Swedes have a horror of controversy as something unpleasant,
inefficient and vaguely immoral. They require for peace of mind, not confrontation, but
consensus. Consensus guides everything: private conversation, intellectual life and the
running of the State."
The then Minister of Education, Mr. Ingvar Carlsson[12], defined the purpose of
schooling: "It is to produce a well adjusted, good member of society. It teaches people to
respect the consensus, and not to sabotage it." He also on one occasion said that "School
is the spearhead of Socialism." Mr. Carlsson was Swedish Prime Minister as late as 1996.
Mr. Carlsson's mentor in the Social Democratic Party and predecessor as Swedish Prime
Minister (1969 to 1986), Mr. Olof Palme[13], openly flaunted his disregard, if not
contempt for, Western civilisation: "The Renaissance so-called? Western culture? What
does it mean to us?" Under the watchful eye of the Labour movement, Swedish education
has for decades mounted deliberate attacks on Western culture, making it look suspect.
According to Mr. Huntford, "When the Swedes change ideas, they do it to the full, leaving
no room for criticism or reservation. The country lacks intellectual defences; anything
new will conquer without resistance being offered." The consensus "assumes that
technological advancement is the sole path to happiness, and the Gross National Product
the only measure of national success. It also assumes that the good of the collective at
all times must take precedence over the good of the individual. It prescribes that the
fundamentals of Swedish society must never be questioned or discussed."
This is how Mrs Maj Bossom-Nordboe, then departmental chief of at the Directorate of
Schools, expressed it: "It's useless to build up individuality, because unless people
learned to adapt themselves to society, they would be unhappy. Liberty is not
emphasised. Instead, we talk about the freedom to give up freedom. The accent is on the
social function of children, and I will not deny that we emphasise the collective."
Roland Huntford ended his book with a warning that this system of soft-totalitarianism
could be exported[14] to other countries. He has been proven right since:
"The Swedes have demonstrated how present techniques can be applied in ideal
conditions. Sweden is a control experiment on an isolated and sterilised subject. Pioneers
in the new totalitarianism, the Swedes are a warning of what probably lies in store for
the rest of us, unless we take care to resist control and centralisation, and unless we
remember that politics are not to be delegated, but are the concern of the individual. The
new totalitarians, dealing in persuasion and manipulation, must be more efficient than
the old, who depended upon force."
Following the September 2006 elections, Fredrik Reinfeldt[15] became Prime Minister of
Sweden, presiding over a center-right coalition government. This is, in my view, positive.
Sweden has been described by some as a "one-party state," since the Social Democrats
have been in power for 65 of the last 74 years. However, the differences between the
left-wing and the right-wing in Sweden are not always that big.
The last time these parties were in power, under the leadership of PM Carl Bildt[16] from
1991 to 94, they presided over massive immigration, and have not been vocal in their
opposition to the Multicultural policies since. The new Foreign Minister Bildt as a UN
Commissioner to the Balkans called for recognising Islam as a part of European culture.
PM Reinfeldt has stated that the original Swedish culture was merely barbarism: "It can
sometimes be good to humbly remind of the fact that a great deal of what constitutes
Sweden has been created in [a process of] evolution, exactly because we have been
open to accept other people and experiences."
Reinfeldt said this following a visit to an area called Ronna in Södertälje, near Stockholm.
One year earlier a police station in Södertälje was hit by shots from an automatic weapon
following a major confrontation between immigrant youths and police. The trouble in
Ronna started after a Swedish girl had been called a "whore" and reacted to this.
Ethnologist Maria Bäckman, in her study "Whiteness and gender," has followed a group of
Swedish girls in the immigrant suburb of Rinkeby outside Stockholm. Bäckman relates
that several of the blond Swedish girls stated that they had dyed their hair to avoid
sexual harassment.
I have called Sweden a soft-totalitarian country, but I am sometimes not so sure about
the "soft" part. Opinion polls have revealed that two out of three Swedes doubt whether
Islam can be combined with Swedish society, and a very significant proportion of the
population have for years wanted more limitations on immigration. Yet not one party
represented in Parliament is genuinely critical of the Multicultural society.
Is it just a coincidence that the one country on the European continent that has avoided
war for the longest period of time, Sweden, is also arguably the one Western nation
where Political Correctness has reached the worst heights? Maybe the prolonged period
of peace has created an environment where layers of ideological nonsense have been
allowed to pile up for generations without stop. I don't know what Sweden will look like a
generation from now, but I'm pretty sure it won't be viewed as a model society. And if
the absence of war is one of the causes of its current weakness, I fear that is a problem
that will soon be cured.
Sources:
http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=139D4C85-7785-4ADD-AF55-933A1CD84353
1. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/016082.php
2. http://dansk-svensk.blogspot.com/2007/03/varmen-mder-kulden.html
3. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/05/is-swedish-democracy-collapsing.html
4. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/07/let-them-eat-kebab-new-marie.html
5. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/938
6. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mona_Sahlin
7. http://news.pacificnews.org/news/view_article.html?article_id=8f2e5052a3d8d103d769d4d676be5de1
8. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/510
9. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/08/welfare-state-is-dead-long-live.html
10. http://www.amazon.com/new-totalitarians-Roland-Huntford/dp/0812814088/
11. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1862
12. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ingvar_Carlsson
13. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olof_Palme
14. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/01/rise-of-glossocracy.html
15. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1671
16. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Bildt
2.56 Islamisation and Cowardice in Scandinavia
By Fjordman
As German journalist Henryk Broder put it[1] after the 2006 riots over the Danish
cartoons of Muhammad: "Objectively speaking, the cartoon controversy was a tempest in
a teacup. But subjectively it was a show of strength and, in the context of the 'clash of
civilisations,' a dress rehearsal for the real thing. The Muslims demonstrated how quickly
and effectively they can mobilise the masses, and the free West showed that it has
nothing to counter the offensive -- nothing but fear, cowardice and an overriding concern
about the balance of trade. Now the Islamists know that they are dealing with a paper
tiger whose roar is nothing but a tape recording."
In 2008, three years after the cartoons were first published, the matter is still very much
alive[2] in the minds of many Muslims. More than 200 lawmakers shouted "Death to the
enemies of Islam" during an angry demonstration[3] outside the Afghan parliament,
protesting the reprinting of the cartoons in Denmark and the release of the Islam-critical
film Fitna by the Dutch politician Wilders. At the same time, Danish aid is helping schools
to re-open[4] in Afghanistan, even though critics say the curriculum is based on
fundamentalist Islam. A campaign to boycott Danish and Dutch products was launched in
Jordan. The campaign will include ads in newspapers and on radio and television that
urge consumers to avoid buying named goods. The organisation, "The Messenger of Allah
Unites Us," have produced t-shirts, bumper stickers and posters with the campaign logo
"Live without it."
"[Danish] Muslim organisations intend to take the case[5] to the European Court of
Human Rights," Muslim leader Mohammed Khalid Samha told IslamOnline, the large
English language website founded by Muslim Brotherhood spiritual leader Yusuf al-
Qaradawi, after a Danish court rejected a suit by seven Muslim groups. "We were quite
sure that the Danish judiciary would not be fair to Muslims," said Samha. Meanwhile, two
Tunisian men were arrested and charged[6] with plotting the murder of Jyllands-Posten
cartoonist Kurt Westergaard.
As Bruce Bawer[7], author of the book While Europe Slept, puts it in the essay Courage
and Cowardice in Scandinavia[8] from June 2008, following a bomb in Pakistan targeting
Denmark:
"When a car bomb exploded outside Denmark's embassy in Islamabad on June 2, killing
eight, it was easy to guess who had done it and why. Sure enough, some days later al-
Qaeda took credit and confirmed its motive: the now-infamous Muhammed cartoons.
Originally published in the Jyllands-Posten daily on September 30, 2005, they were
reprinted by a raft of Danish dailies last February 13 in a show of solidarity with turban-
bomb cartoonist Kurt Westergaard, the target of three would-be assassins who had been
arrested the day before. Presumably this rather surprising action — the Danish media,
generally speaking, have given Jyllands-Posten a rough time for the past three years for
upsetting the Muslims — was the immediate cause for the bombing."
"Blasphemy" against Islam potentially carries the death penalty according to sharia law.
In June 2008, a Pakistani judge sentenced a Muslim man to death[9] on charges that he
insulted Islam's Prophet Muhammad.
In contrast to Denmark's defiance, other Scandinavian countries surrendered to Islamic
pressure as fast as humanly possible. Bawer again:
"Sweden took another route. When a political website featured a Jyllands-Posten cartoon,
the government sent police to close it down. More recently, hit with his own cartoon crisis
involving artist Lars Vilks, Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt not only met Muslim
ambassadors, but was praised by one for his 'spirit of appeasement.' Norway didn't cover
itself in glory, either. On the pretext that a tiny newspaper, Magazinet, had reprinted the
Jyllands-Posten cartoons (never mind that major dailies in Spain, Germany, and France
had done so as well), the cartoon jihadists chose to target Norway as well, plainly betting
that the dialogue-happy, UN-worshipping 'peace country' would curb its freedoms at the
first hint of Muslim displeasure. They were right. Norway's government caved in
ignominiously, holding a press conference on February 10, 2006, at which Magazinet's
cowed editor, Vebjørn Selbekk, with the blessing of Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg,
grovelled before a posse of imams and apologised to them for exercising his freedom of
speech. It was probably the most disgraceful day in modern Norwegian history, but you
wouldn't know it by the politicians and journalists, who celebrated this selling out of
freedom as a triumph of peacemaking."
Selbekk, editor of the small Christian newspaper Magazinet, had firmly resisted pressure
from Muslims who had made death threats and from the Norwegian establishment. But
eventually Norway's Minister of Labour and Social Inclusion Bjarne Håkon Hanssen hastily
called a press conference at a major government office building in Oslo. There Selbekk
issued an abject apology for reprinting the cartoons. At his side[10], accepting his act of
contrition and asking that all threats now be withdrawn, was Mohammed Hamdan, the
then head of Norway's Islamic Council. As Bawer indicates, it was a picture right out of a
sharia courtroom, with the Muslim leader declaring Selbekk to be henceforth under his
protection.
In a Friday sermon on February 3 2006, Yusuf al-Qaradawi, the spiritual leader of the
Muslim Brotherhood, the world's largest Islamic organisation, exhorted worshippers to
show rage[11] in response to the cartoons. The sermon was aired on TV. The day after,
the Danish and Norwegian embassies in Syria were set ablaze by an angry mob. It should
be mentioned here that both Norway and Denmark are members of NATO and that
destroying an embassy could be considered an act of war, or certainly very close to it. A
few days later, a delegation led by Mr. Mohammed Hamdan of Norway's Islamic Council
and a senior pastor representing Oslo's bishop visited Qatar to meet Mr. Qaradawi. The
trip received support from the Norwegian government. Yusuf al-Qaradawi then accepted
the apology that Vebjørn Selbekk had issued on February 10.
Walid al-Kubaisi, a Muslim dissident living in Norway, warned that Yusuf al-Qaradawi is
more dangerous than the terrorist leader Osama bin Laden, and that the Muslim
Brotherhood, whose founder Qaradawi followed when he was young, wants the world to
submit to sharia. Kubaisi reacted strongly to the statement by Mr. Hamdan that he would
now give Mr. Selbekk protection: "It frightens me that he presents himself as an
authority that can grant or revoke protection. Does this mean that [Minister] Bjarne
Håkon Hanssen thinks that the next time I feel threatened because of something I have
written, I should contact the Islamic Council, not the police? Sadly, the government, in
their eagerness to end the current troubles, have made the authoritarian forces
stronger." Kubaisi feared[12] that Islamic hardliners would from now on burn something
every time they felt offended about anything, and expect to get their will.
Trond Giske[13], Minister of Culture and Church Affairs from the Labour Party, met with
Mohammed Hamdan of Norway's Islamic Council a few months after the embassy attacks
and announced that government subsidies for the Islamic Council would be raised from
60,000 kroner a year to half a million. That's more than a 700% increase in a single year.
The government declared it would meet more frequently with the Islamic Council to
"improve dialogue." Its leader Hamdan smiled after having talked with Mr. Giske for
about one hour. "We're pretty pleased with the meeting. For us it's important to improve
contacts with the government so that we can get to know each other better."
The status given to non-Muslims who accept being second-rate citizens, dhimmis, under
Islamic rule is technically referred to as "protected." During the Cartoon Jihad, the left-
wing coalition government demonstrated in public that Norwegian authorities did not
control the security of their citizens, and thus had to accept Muslim intervention to secure
their safety. This amounted to the acceptance of Islamic rule according to sharia law, a
view which was subsequently strengthened by payments to Muslims at home and abroad.
Undoubtedly these payments offered by Mr. Giske on behalf of the government were
viewed by Muslims as jizya, the "protection money" non-Muslims are required to pay in
willing submission (Koran, 9:29) as a sign of their inferior status vis-à-vis Islam, as a
compensation for not being slain.
Mohammed Hamdan also participated during a meeting with members of the Palestinian
terrorist organisation Hamas at Stortinget, the Norwegian parliament, in the summer of
2006. According to him, he was only an interpreter, but his brother Osama Hamdan is a
member of parliament for Hamas in the Palestinian Territories.
Norway in 2007 became first Western country to recognise the then Hamas-led
Palestinian government and to make the first transfer of direct financial aid to it. The
popular Foreign Minister Jonas Gahr Støre of the Labour Party urged others to follow.
Hamas is the Palestinian branch of the Muslim Brotherhood. They state this explicitly in
their charter, which means that the left-wing government of PM Jens Stoltenberg was
willing to fund an organisation whose spiritual leader had recently caused physical
attacks against their country and is waging a war against their civilisation. This was
applauded by most Norwegian media commentators.
FM Gahr Støre participated in a conference with participants from dozens of countries and
media outlets on how to "report diversity" in a non-offensive manner, with Arab News
from Saudi Arabia as a moderator. The Cartoon Jihad had prompted Indonesia and
Norway to join forces and promote a Global Inter-Media Dialogue. In June 2007 this was
held in Oslo.
Keynote speaker at the conference, Doudou Diène[14], the United Nations Special Envoy
for racism, xenophobia and intolerance, urged the media to actively participate in the
creation of a Multicultural society[15], and expressed concerns that the democratic
process could lead to immigration-restrictive parties gaining influence. Mr. Diène
represents Senegal, a predominantly Muslim country which is a member of the
Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC), the largest voting bloc at the United
Nations.
There were already signs that large portions of the mainstream media had been working
according to similar ideas long before this conference. In Britain, leading figures of the
BBC have proudly announced that they actively promote multiculturalism. In Denmark in
2008, while their country was threatened by Muslims across the world, public broadcaster
Danmarks Radio, the local equivalent of the BBC and with the same left-wing
Multicultural bias, decided to hold a "Miss Headscarf" beauty contest for women with the
only requirement being that they are over 15 and wear a veil, the way Muslim women are
supposed to do.
As American scholar Dr. Daniel Pipes notes[16], "Self-hating Westerners have an out-
sized importance due to their prominent role as shapers of opinion in universities, the
media, religious institutions, and the arts. They serve as the Islamists' auxiliary
mujahideen."
Following new threats in Denmark[17], the regional Norwegian daily Adresseavisen in
2008 decided to show solidarity with the Danish cartoonists. As Bruce Bawer writes:
"Trondheim's Adresseavisen daily ran a cartoon which, though not depicting Muhammed,
angered 'moderate' Muslim lawyer Abid Q. Raja, who – apparently feeling that
Adresseavisen had obeyed the word but not the spirit of the Magazinet accords – argued
that the cartoon shouldn't have been published because it would be 'misunderstood' by
Muslims. Pakistani ambassador Rab Nawaz Khan agreed, calling the cartoon an 'act of
terror' that can 'endanger the lives of Norwegian citizens.' When a cartoon is terrorism
and a bomb is a form of expression, you're in Orwell country. Yet the star of the moment
was Norwegian novelist Dag Solstad, who only days before the bombing delivered what
you might call Norway's version of Rowan Williams's sharia lecture. Solstad didn't go in
for sharia explicitly – instead, he made the argument that free speech is actually
undesirable, since it drowns meritorious works (such as his novels, presumably) in a sea
of vulgarity (a category to which he relegated the Muhammed cartoons). Solstad's
colleagues offered polite demurrals."
Mr. Solstad, with a history of long and strong sympathies for various Communist
movements, is not unique. By the time these words are written, many Norwegian
observers and intellectuals have criticised "free speech fundamentalists" in the major
media.
Is there no opposition to these views? Fortunately, there is. Per Edgar Kokkvold,
Secretary-General of the Norwegian Press Association, deserves credit for his principled
opposition to censorship (which earned him several death threats). A book by a former
MP for the Conservative Party, Hallgrim Berg, warns against plans to turn Europe into
Eurabia. He discusses the growing anti-Americanism in Europe and maintains that the
United States is the only power capable of securing freedom. In 2005 the police issued a
mobile security alarm to the then leader of the right-wing Progress Party, Carl I. Hagen.
Hagen criticised Islam and could see no similarity with the concept of morality found in
Christianity. He said that if Israel loses in the Middle East, Europe will succumb to Islam
next. He thinks that Christians should support Israel and oppose Islamic inroads into
Europe. In an unprecedented step, a group of Muslim ambassadors blasted Hagen in a
public letter. Other politicians quickly caved in and condemned Mr. Hagen, including then
Prime Minister Kjell Magne Bondevik of the Christian Democrats. In 2008, the Progress
Party looks set to replace the Labour Party as the largest party in the country, for the
first time in generations.
You can find pockets of resistance in Norway (and to a lesser extent Sweden), but the
general picture is rather bleak. Denmark is currently the only Scandinavian country with
something resembling a spine, but Danes compensate for this by being one of the
leading countries in the Western world in opposing Islamisation.
Sources:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3501
1. http://www.spiegel.de/international/spiegel/0,1518,462149,00.html
2. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/020194.php
3. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/106021.html
4. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/107637.html
5. http://snaphanen.dk/2008/06/20/we-were-quite-sure-that-the-danish-judiciary-would-not-be-fair-to-muslims/#more-2972
http://51.914.4.452subf33:OSxikih662187178719ЗТ
6. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/107734.html
7. http://www.brucebawer.com/
8. http://www.standpointmag.co.uk/courage-and-cowardice-in-scandinavia-july
9. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/021444.php
10. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1219937.ece
11. http://memri.org/bin/articles.cgi?Page=archives&Area=sd&ID=SP108906
12. http://www.dagbladet.no/nyheter/2006/02/14/457855.html
13. http://www.dagbladet.no/nyheter/2006/09/29/478266.html
14. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/06/ostriches-in-oslo.html
15. http://www.asiamedia.ucla.edu/article-world.asp?parentid=71368
16. http://www.danielpipes.org/article/4227
17. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/107387.html
2.57 Our Offensive National Flag
Jeremy Clarkson heads the program “Top Gear” at the BBC, one of the funniest shows on
TV. Since it has absolutely nothing to do with politics or religion, only with cars, it is one
of the very few programs at the Burka Broadcasting Corporation still worth seeing.
I have to disagree with Clarkson regarding the English national flag, though. Discrediting
national flags as signs of “bigotry” is happening all over the Western world[1].
And no, you are not being robbed of pride in your national heritage because of your
colonial history. I’m Norwegian. We don’t have a colonial history, yet we are still subject
to similar attacks[2]. They don’t do this because you are English, they do this because
you are Westerners and — dare I say? — white. British colonial history is just a
convenient excuse.
From the Times Online[3], “We’ve been robbed of our Englishness”:
Today, things are rather different. Mention the war and you’ll be told by an outreach
counsellor that we must empathise with the Germans, who are coming to terms with their
mistakes of the past. “And you know, children, it was actually the British who invented
concentration camps . . .”
Empire? When I was at school, teachers spoke with pride about how a little island in the
north Atlantic turned a quarter of the world pink, but now all teachers talk about is the
slave trade and how we must hang our heads in shame.
Right. So we must forgive Germany for invading Poland. But I must beat myself to death
every night because my great-great-great-grandad moved some chap from a hellhole in
Ghana to Barbados. In fact I can’t even say we’re British any more because then all of
Scotland would rush over the border, pour porridge down my trousers and push a thistle up
my bottom.
I believe people need to feel like they’re part of a gang, part of a tribe. And I also believe
we need to feel pride in our gang. But all we ever hear now is that we in England have
nothing to be proud about. In a world of righteousness we are the child molesters and
rapists.
Our soldiers were murderers. Our empire builders were thieves. Our class system was
ridiculous and our industrial revolution set in motion a chain of events that, eventually, will
kill every polar bear in the Arctic.
And it gets so much worse. Because if you say you are a patriot, men with beards and
sandals will come round to your house in the night and daub BNP slogans on your front
door. This is the only country in the world where the national flag is deemed offensive […]
Then there’s our national character. In the past, boys were told in school assembly that
their mothers had died and were expected to get over it in a nice game of rugby. Crying
only happened abroad. Not any more. We were ordered to weep like Americans when Diana
died, and no local news report is complete today without some fat oik sobbing because his
house has fallen over[…]
Do you see? We can’t be proud of our past because it’s all bad, we can’t use British humour
because it’s offensive and we can’t use understatement to deal with a crisis because the
army of state-sponsored counsellors say we’ve got to sob uncontrollably at every small
thing.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/12/our-offensive-national-flag.html
1. http://www.thelocal.se/8401/ 2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2475
3. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/comment/columnists/jeremy_clarkson/article2935442.ece
2.58 Will Netherland Survive the 21st Century?
By Fjordman
Let us consider the case of the Netherlands. Islamic practices there gain more and more
public acceptance. There is talk of making Islamic holidays public holidays because
Holland is a “Judeo-Christian-Islamic” society, whatever that is. There are plans for a
Muslim-only hospital[1], and former Justice Minister Piet Hein Donner[2] stated that the
Dutch should give Muslims more freedoms to behave according to their traditions: “For
me it is clear: if two-thirds of the Dutch population should want to introduce the Sharia
tomorrow, then the possibility should exist,” according to him. “It would be a disgrace to
say: ‘That is not allowed!’“
The idea is by no means far-fetched. Unofficial sharia courts have been operating for
years in major European cities and gradually gain official acceptance. In September 2008
it was made known that British authorities will formally accept rulings of sharia courts on
certain matters. This means that Britain has not just culturally but also legally
surrendered to its new Muslim masters. The political elites will put up no resistance
whatsoever to continued Islamisation.
Britain is one of the worst countries in the Western world, which says a lot given how bad
many others are, but it belongs to a growing group of nations where the authorities have
more or less surrendered to Islamic rule, openly promote Islamic “culture”, and harass
those who resist. One could add Sweden, the Netherlands, Belgium, and probably France
to the list, which keeps growing. Norway, Spain, Austria, Germany and others are not far
behind.
The Netherlands, which for centuries was a haven for those seeking more freedom of
thought, is becoming an increasingly totalitarian society as a direct result of mass
immigration in general and Muslim immigration in particular. This is the reason why the
insightful Hans Janssen, Professor of Modern Islamic Ideology at Utrecht University,
stated that a peaceful society that wishes to remain existent “will have to find a way to
defend itself through non-peaceful means from people who are not peaceful.” According
to Jansen, Muslim fundamentalists frequently make threats, but Dutch media remain
silent[3] about them.
Public broadcaster NPS[4] is producing a television programme with the objective of
giving the Dutch population a positive view of Muslims and other immigrant groups.
Meanwhile, in 2008 it was revealed that a policeman of Moroccan origins in the
Rotterdam police corps has been unmasked as a spy for the Moroccan intelligence
service. He led a project that trained 57 Moroccan problem youngsters as ground
personnel for Rotterdam Airport. The Public Prosecutor’s Office (OM) decided not to
prosecute him, allegedly because this could potentially generate negative publicity about
the “Multicultural” society. Even after this was revealed, the policeman unmasked as a
spy for a foreign country continued[5] working at Rotterdam Airport. The airport
management saw no reason to refuse him a job.
In contrast, the Dutch Labour Party (PvdA) tried to muzzle[6] a (then) member who was
fighting for the rights of Muslim apostates because they feared he would cause the party
electoral damage. As most other left-wing parties in the Western world, they get a
disproportionate number of immigrant votes. The man in question, the brave ex-Muslim
Ehsan Jami[7], in the spring of 2008 decided to close down his organisation of former
Muslims who defy the traditional death penalty for leaving Islam. He claims people are
scared to join the organisation because of threats from Muslims.
Slotervaart[8], a Moroccan neighbourhood in Amsterdam, has been plagued by riots and
arson. Just as in similar areas in Sweden, France, England and elsewhere, emergency
personnel from the fire brigade and ambulance services are at risk of physical attacks
when they enter. Western Europe’s major cities have become notorious for their rapidly
expanding “no-go” zones, from Birmingham, London and Bradford via Marseilles, Paris,
Antwerp and Brussels to Copenhagen, Berlin and Hamburg. There are now many areas
into which even the police dare not venture without substantial backup. In certain urban
areas the fire brigade and ambulance services are reluctant to answer calls in Muslim
neighbourhoods, where “youths” set fire to public buildings, and then lay an ambush for
the fire brigade when it arrives.
In mid-September 2008, the bus service in the Dutch town of Gouda announced it would
not drive though the Oosterwei[9] neighbourhood. The decision came following
complaints from bus drivers who report that on their route through the neighbourhood
they are being spit on, threatened and robbed by Moroccan youth, who systematically
kick against the buses as well.
It has earlier been revealed that Moroccans, Turks and other Muslims in the Netherlands
receive direction from their home countries. Ethnic Turks have received instructions from
Turkey on how to vote in Dutch elections.
Also in mid-September 2008, politician Geert Wilders[10] said during a speech in
Parliament that Moroccans are colonising the Netherlands. According to Wilders,
Moroccans didn’t come there to integrate, but “to subjugate the Dutch” and rule over
them. “We lose our nation to Moroccan scum who go through life while abusing, spitting
and molesting innocent people,” Wilders stated. “They happily accept our dole, houses
and doctors, but not our rules and values”, he said. According to him there are “two
nations.” The cabinet’s nation is that of “climate hysterics and uncontrollable
Islamisation.” The other nation, “my nation,” Geert Wilders said, “is that of the people
who have to foot the bill and are being robbed and threatened by Islamic street
terrorists.”
Seven minutes after the speech began, “a technical error” occurred in the television
broadcast which was mysteriously solved the very second Wilders finished his speech.
The state TV is notoriously biased in their pro-Multicultural opinions and belief that
Wilders is evil.
As I wrote in my online essay “Democracy and the Media Bias[11]”, in democratic
societies the press, the Fourth Estate, should supposedly make sure that the government
does its job properly as well as raise issues of public interest. In practice, we now seem
to have a situation where the political elites cooperate with the media on making sure
that some topics receive insufficient or unbalanced attention while others are simply kept
off the agenda altogether. Together they form a new political class.
Before the rise of maverick politician Pim Fortuyn[12], the Dutch political scene had to a
great extent been a closed club whose members, regardless of party affiliation, shared
similar views in the widest possible sense. Most of the journalists belonged to the same
club. If the majority of the populace didn’t quite agree with this elite on sensitive issues
— and the most sensitive of them all was Muslim immigration — this hardly mattered
much. Since all those who were in positions of power were in basic agreement, the will of
the people could safely be ignored. Journalists and rival politicians — notice how they
worked in lockstep — smeared Fortuyn as a dangerous “right-wing extremist.” Indirectly,
this led to his murder by a left-wing activist who stated that he killed him on behalf of
Muslims because he was “dangerous” to minorities.
Pim Fortuyn was indirectly murdered by the political, cultural and media elites whereas
filmmaker Theo van Gogh was murdered by Muslims. MP Ayaan Hirsi Ali has been driven
from the country. The Islam-critical MP Geert Wilders is still there, but he is subject to
similar smears as Fortuyn was about being a racist, receives daily threats from Muslims
and not-so-subtle hints from the establishment that he should tone down his criticism of
Muslim immigration. The Dutch spirit between 2001 and 2008 appears to have been
broken, as things are slowly returning to normal. The extended political elites are once
again firmly in control of public debate, and the embarrassing peasant rebellion has been
successfully struck down.
Perhaps Holland’s chance of saving itself died with Fortuyn. I hope not. I have always
loved the Netherlands, and it would be extremely sad if a once-great nation that has
spent so much time and energy on keeping the sea out will be destroyed by a tidal wave
of sharia barbarism.
In May 2008 the cartoonist writing under the pseudonym Gregorius Nekschot[13]
became the first-ever cartoonist to be arrested in the modern Western world. He was
arrested at his home in Amsterdam and taken into custody for interrogation, suspected
of “publishing cartoons which are discriminating for Muslims and people with dark skin.”
At the same time, the city of Amsterdam developed teaching material[14] warning
children against the politics of the Islam-critical politician Geert Wilders. MP Wilders
called the campaign “sickening.”
Wilders’ movie Fitna from March 2008 produced strong reactions from Muslims on a
global basis and condemnations from dhimmi appeasers in the Western world. Although
the short film didn’t do anything other than quote the Koran and statements by Muslim
leaders, the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon[15] condemned it as
offensively anti-Islamic. “There is no justification for hate speech or incitement to
violence,” Ban said in a statement. “The right of free expression is not at stake here.” The
UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Louise Arbour[16] joined in on condemning the
tone and content of Fitna and noted that the Dutch and others should prohibit any
advocacy of racial or religious hatred that constitutes incitement to discrimination or
hostility. In plain words, they should ban criticism of Islam.
There are already examples where small Dutch websites[17] have been prosecuted for
carrying readers’ comments critical of Islam and Muslims, thus setting a legal precedent
for the suppression of free speech on the Internet[18]. This despite the fact that far more
offensive material is routinely posted on Islamic online forums and is never subjected to
any punishment. Similar developments are taking place in other European countries. This
is encouraged not only by national authorities but by EU officials, who have expressed
their desire to “regulate” blogs and similar websites more because they are often more
critical of multiculturalism, mass immigration and general EU policies than are the
mainstream media.
What this means is that Dutch authorities are giving in to demands from Islamic
countries and kneel at the feet of their new Muslim masters. There can be no doubt that
there is considerable political pressure on the police and others to enforce Multicultural
speech codes and silence dissenters among the natives. Since we see clearly that
Muslims can post negative remarks about the natives, but the natives are not allowed to
post negative remarks about Islamic culture, this means that the natives are de facto
second-rate citizens in their own country. This is coincidentally the status that they are
supposed to have according to sharia, which means that the authorities are now
enforcers of Islamic law.
Some observers say that the political elites in Western Europe are “powerless” to stop
street violence. But they are aggressive in suppressing criticism of continued mass
immigration, which indicates that they are not so much powerless as actively hostile to
the natives.
In Brussels, Belgium, gangs of Muslim immigrants harass the natives on a daily basis. We
have had several recent cases where native girls have been gang raped by immigrants in
the heart of the EU capital, yet when the natives wanted to protest against the
Islamisation of their continent on September 11th 2007, the demonstration was banned
by the Socialist mayor of Brussels, whose ruling party is heavily infiltrated by Muslims.
Those who attempted to carry on with a peaceful protest were arrested by the police.
Dozens[19] of boys and girls have been systematically abused, intimidated and molested
by a group of older boys in the Utrecht neighbourhood of Overvecht. Children aged 8, 9
and 10 have been dragged into bushes and coerced into performing sexual acts on boys
a few years older. Most of the children involved are of Moroccan background. A municipal
council member said that the problems are not being addressed. “This has been going on
for almost a year. People just talk and talk and talk. And nothing is done,” she said.
In March 2007, native Dutch residents of the city of Utrecht rioted to protest against
harassment by Muslim youths and government inaction to stop this. The authorities
immediately suppressed the riots by sealing off the area and installing surveillance
cameras to control Dutch non-Muslims, but they have done virtually nothing to address
the underlying problem of violence from immigrant gangs. The case is far from unique.
Such incidents demonstrate that the authorities throughout Western Europe are now
dedicated to implementing continued mass immigration and multiculturalism no matter
what the natives think. If they object, they will be silenced. The Dutch voted “no” by a
very large margin to the proposed EU Constitution that will formally dismantle their
country, as did Irish and French voters, but they are simply ignored. At the same time,
the EU elites obediently respond to calls from Islamic countries to ban “stereotypes and
prejudice” targeting Islam. European political elites implement the agendas of our
enemies and ignore the interests of their own people. They are thus collaborators and
traitors and should be treated accordingly.
The interesting question is this: Are the elites merely appeasing Islam, which they
certainly are doing, or are they actively promoting and expropriating it for their own
ends? As Iranian ex-Muslim Ali Sina puts it in his excellent book Understanding
Muhammad: “Islam was an instrument of domination. After Muhammad, others used his
cult for the very same purpose.” Maybe this is happening in the EU as well?
Ali Sina rejects the Multicultural concept that all cultures (except European culture, which
is evil and should be eradicated) are worth keeping:
“If any culture needs to be preserved, it is the Western, Helleno-Christian culture. It is
this culture that is facing extinction. It is to this culture alone that we owe the
Enlightenment, Renaissance, and democracy. These are the foundations of our modern
world. It would be a terrible mistake not to preserve this culture. If we do nothing, we
face a future where democracy and tolerance will fade and Islam’s more primitive
instincts will subjugate humanity. All cultures are not made equal… Islam is not a culture.
It is the antithesis of culture. It is barbarity, savagery and incivility. Islamic civilisation is
an oxymoron, while Islamic terrorism is redundancy. We owe our freedom and modern
civilisation to Western culture. It is this culture that is now under attack and needs
protection.”
As I put it in my essay “The Welfare State is Dead, Long Live the Welfare State[20]“,
Americans say “In God we trust.” Is the welfare state, on some deep, subconscious level,
a substitute for God? An omnipresent State instead of an omnipresent God? Europeans
lost belief in God in Auschwitz and the trenches of WW1. We no longer trust in God, so
we put our trust in the State, to create a small oasis of security on a continent that has
had such a turbulent history.
The slogan is “security from cradle to grave.” But right now the welfare state clearly does
not provide financial or physical security in much of Western Europe, at least not for the
natives. It pays for more cradles to Muslim immigrants while it leads some of the natives
prematurely to their graves. Taxes are a form of disguised jizya, the poll tax paid by
submissive non-Muslims under Islamic rule, taken from us and given to those who
colonise our lands.
The welfare state breeds passivity and obedience to the state’s agenda since so many are
dependent upon it for their livelihoods. For rulers, this can be quite useful. The stated
purpose of the welfare state is to alleviate poverty, but we should remember that a
powerful state bureaucracy which deals with all aspects of life leaves a great deal of
power to those on top of that bureaucracy, ruling people who have been pacified and
emasculated by decades of state indoctrination and interference in their private lives. I
suspect one of the reasons why Europeans put up with a powerful EU bureaucracy
running much of Europe’s affairs is that we have already been accustomed to this on a
national level.
My advice to Westerners in general is to arm themselves immediately, first of all mentally
with knowledge of the enemy and pride in their own culture and heritage, but also
physically with guns and the skills to use them. Friedrich Nietzsche stated in the
nineteenth century that “God is dead.” In the early twenty-first century it would be fair to
say that “The State is dead,” the replacement God in which we placed our trust after the
other God died.
Every single day we get more evidence that the authorities are totally incapable of
protecting any semblance of security and freedom for its citizens. The only thing the
state still seems to be capable of doing is indoctrinating our children with hatred of their
own civilisation and taking away our money so that it can be given to those who colonise
our countries and abuse our children, verbally and physically.
My bet is still on Britain, or possibly Denmark, as the first Western country to face a civil
war due to Muslim immigration, but the Netherlands is a potential candidate as well. I
just wonder whether the Dutch are already a broken nation, mentally speaking. Their
political elites have chosen formal surrender and will enforce sharia and ban everybody
disagreeing with this as “extremists”. Native Dutchmen will either have to fight back or
leave their country behind and watch it die from a distance, as a significant number of
them have already done.
What is happening in Western Europe now is a textbook case of a situation where the
social contract is no longer upheld. The natives pay extremely high tax rates to nation
states that no longer protect their borders and are both unwilling and incapable of
upholding a bare minimum of law and order. The laws are in any case no longer passed
with our interest in mind, but by dedicated Multiculturalists and Globalists specifically
hostile to our interests. The European Union is the very definition of tyranny.
As John Locke says in the Second Treatise on Government:
The reason why men enter into society is the preservation of their property, and the end
why they choose and authorise a legislative is that there may be laws made, and rules
set, as guards and fences to the properties of all the members of the society, to limit the
power and moderate the dominion of every part and member of the society… whenever
the legislators endeavor to take away and destroy the property of the people, or to
reduce them to slavery under arbitrary power, they put themselves into a state of war
with the people… By this breach of trust they forfeit the power the people had put into
their hands for quite contrary ends, and it devolves to the people, who have a right to
resume their original liberty, and, by the establishment of a new legislative, (such as they
shall think fit) provide for their own safety and security, which is the end for which they
are in society.
Thomas Jefferson stated that “I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good
thing, and as necessary in the political world as storms in the physical.” He also said that
“Laws that forbid the carrying of arms… disarm only those who are neither inclined nor
determined to commit crimes…. Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and
better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for
an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man.”
We would do well to heed those words.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/09/will-holland-survive-21st-century.html
1. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/013424.php
2. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/013100.php
3. http://www.nisnews.nl/public/240307_2.htm
4. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/09/dutch-state-tv-propagandizes-for.html
5. http://www.nisnews.nl/public/180908_1.htm
6. http://www.nisnews.nl/public/050607_1.htm
7. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/04/ehsan-jami-closes-his-organization.html
8. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/09/culture-of-insults.html
9. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/09/hazards-of-being-dutch-bus-driver.html
10. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/09/pulling-plug-on-geert-wilders.html
11. http://democracyreform.blogspot.com/2007/08/democracy-and-media-bias-by-fjordman.html
12. http://www.nysun.com/opinion/europes-champion-of-liberty/53818/
13. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3257
14. http://www.nisnews.nl/public/070208_1.htm
14. http://48.210.16.369plusf72:CUfmled614187191364ФЉ
15. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/020483.php
16. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/020495.php
17. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/09/lady-justice-was-raped.html
18. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/09/death-of-free-speech-in-netherlands.html
19. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2223
20. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/08/welfare-state-is-dead-long-live.html
2.59 The Spanish and the Portuguese — Once and Future Dhimmis?
By Fjordman
In May 2008, the President of the European Commission, José Manuel Barroso[1], stated
that Islam is part and parcel of Europe and condemned the concept of a clash of
civilisations. “Islam today is part of Europe. It is important to understand this. One
should not see Islam as outside Europe. We already have an important presence of Islam
and Muslims among our citizens,” Barroso told a press conference after a dialogue
between EU leaders and twenty high-level representatives of Christianity, Judaism and
Islam in Europe. The Grand Mufti of Bosnia-Herzegovina, Dr. Mustafa Ceric, responded
that Islam is indeed part of Europe but unfortunately Turkey is not yet part of Europe.
“Following this logic Europe has to prove that Islam is part of Europe by not delaying the
acceptance of Turkey to the EU,” he said.
I find this especially sad since Mr. Barroso, prior to becoming the unelected leader of the
EU, was Prime Minister of Portugal, a country that was for centuries under the Islamic
yoke. Do the Portuguese miss their past status as dhimmis? The reaction of the Nordic
countries to mass immigration and Muslim intimidation, with the exception of Denmark,
has been pathetic. I’m certainly not proud of it, but at the very least countries such as
Norway, Finland and the Baltic nations have had little historical exposure to Muslims. The
Portuguese and the Spanish do not have this excuse, after centuries of Islamic
occupation and hard struggles to regain control over their lands, which makes their
current actions all the more difficult to understand.
Observer Soeren Kern[2] thinks that “Since Spanish Socialists (more often than not)
have trouble winning arguments on their own merit, the preferred tactic is to demonise
their opponents instead.” He’s undoubtedly correct about that, although I do no see how
that makes Spanish Socialists different from their counterparts elsewhere. According to
Kern:
“Italian voters in April [2008] returned Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to a third term[3]
in office. The center-right leader was given a strong mandate to crack down on runaway
immigration and spiraling street crime, two hot-button issues that are intrinsically
linked[4], not just in the minds of Italians, but in those of many other Europeans too,
especially in Spain. As a result, Spanish Socialists are (rightly) worried that Berlusconi’s
get-tough approach will jeopardise their own fantastical vision of turning Europe into a
post-modern multicultural utopia. It therefore comes as no big surprise that Spanish
Socialist Deputy Prime Minister María Teresa Fernández de la Vega[5], who is also
commonly known as Spain’s high-priestess of political correctness, recently lashed out[6]
at the no-nonsense immigration policies of the new Italian government. Her pontifical
rebuke[7] declared that the Spanish executive ‘rejects violence, racism and xenophobia,
and therefore cannot agree with what is happening in Italy.’” Moreover, “By rewarding
illegal immigrants with Spanish (and thus European) documentation, Zapatero has
unleashed what is known as the ‘call effect[8]’ to people as far away as Kashmir who now
believe that Spain is an easy gateway into Europe.”
Gustavo de Aristegui[9], the foreign affairs spokesman for the conservative (but in my
view still a bit too soft) Popular Party, explains in his book The Jihad in Spain: The
obsession to reconquer Al-Ándalus[10] that, in schools throughout the Muslim world,
maps are used with Spain and Portugal coloured green because they are still considered
part of dar al-Islam, or the House of Islam. According to antiterrorist sources, eight
Jihadist groups[11] have settled in Spain, located mostly in Catalonia, Madrid, Andalusia
and Valencia. Their threat is real, since most of these sleeping cells “can be activated at
any time and perpetrate criminal attacks.”
As AMDG from the blog La Yijad en Eurabia[12] says: “The fact that Spain is one of the
targets of the Third Jihad is not surprising. Muslims have the religious obligation to
expand Islam — mostly political Islam; conversion can be forced later on in many ways
— and in particular they have the compelling obligation to retrieve those lands on which
Islam once ruled. Al Andalus — that is Spain, and not only the south of Spain, the
modern Andalucía — was once under Mohammedan yoke and is therefore among the
priorities of the Jihad. The answer by Spaniards to this threat cannot be more
discouraging. Spanish government withdrew its troops from Iraq immediately after the
first terrorist attack, even if they were not combat troops. Their next initiative was the
proposal of the Alliance of Civilisations.”
The Socialist PM José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero was swept to power by the Jihadist
terrorist train bombings in Madrid in March 2004, the largest peacetime attacks in Spain’s
modern history. He has been surrendering his country to Muslims and mass immigration
every day since then. Zapatero, who has said[13] that “sexual equality is a lot more
effective against terrorism than military strength,” appointed a pregnant woman as
Minister of Defence in April 2008, thus making a mockery of his armed forces and
signaling to everybody that his country has no intentions of defending itself.
There are also serious plans afoot to create a tunnel linking Spain (and thus Europe)
physically to Morocco and Muslim North Africa. As usual in Western countries, Socialists
who seek to destroy their own countries are de facto allies with Big Business interests,
the same business interests that have championed the borderless EU common market,
who desire bigger markets and an abundant supply of cheap labour, and tend to view
defended national borders as an obstacle to both. According to a study by the Group for
Reflection and Proposal on Business and Immigration, Spain needs over two million new
foreign workers[14] until 2020, many of whom will undoubtedly be Muslims.
In June 2008, it was announced that an “interfaith meeting[15]“ sponsored by Saudi
Arabia was to be held in Madrid. The dialogue would be held by the Saudi-based World
Muslim League. “Prominent figures among followers of the divine messages will take part
in dialogue concerning life in human societies, international cooperation, human rights,
and issues of security, peace and living together in the world,” said a statement by the
agency.
As Robert Spencer commented at Jihad Watch: “There are several angles to the choice of
Spain for the site of this ‘dialogue’: One, obviously, is that it would be rather awkward to
invite a large contingent of religious leaders to a place where they are forbidden from
carrying bibles and other sacred texts, and from displaying religious symbols. And, of
course, they certainly couldn’t hold the meeting in Islamic holy cities of Mecca and
Medina, since no non-Muslims are allowed there. That might lead to uncomfortable
questions when one considers that Rome, Jerusalem, and other cities are open to all
visitors. But beyond that is Spain’s history as an Islamic possession and the trumped-up
myth of the nearly utopian, Islamic Andalusia of yore; the idea of going back to those
‘good old days’ will surely be a source for much of the propaganda that will come out of
this Saudi-led venture.” Spencer feared that a more accurate term for this event would
be “interfaith monologue.”
As I’ve stated in my online essay Socratic Dialogue vs. Islamic Dialogue[16], Muslims
understand the term “dialogue” in a way that differs sharply from that of Westerners. For
them, “dialogue” does not mean an attempt to rationally debate a topic in order to arrive
at the truth. Truth is already given: It’s called sharia, and the only “dialogue” that is
acceptable is one that will lead to the implementation of sharia, one way or the other.
When they invite to a “dialogue,” they actually mean that we should negotiate our
surrender, or else…
Poul E. Andersen, former dean of the church of Odense, Denmark, warns against false
hopes of dialogue with Muslims. During a debate at the University of Aarhus, Ahmad
Akkari, one of the Muslim participants, stated: “Islam has waged war where this was
necessary and dialogue where this was possible. A dialogue can thus only be viewed as
part of a missionary objective.” When Mr. Andersen raised the issue of dialogue with the
World Muslim League in Denmark, the answer was: “To a Muslim, it is artificial to discuss
Islam. In fact, you view any discussion as an expression of Western thinking.”
Since its inception, Islam has been waging an aggressive war against the rest of
mankind, with the stated purpose of bringing every single human being on earth under
Islamic rule. Infidels have been presented with only three options: Convert to Islam, die,
or submit under Islamic rule as a dhimmi, a second-rate citizen in your own country
subject to serious financial pressure, constant verbal humiliations and frequent physical
abuse. Islam hasn’t changed in the last 1400 years. Unless we are prepared to accept
conversion or dhimmi status, we have to fight. The Spanish and the Portuguese knew
that once. One can only hope that they will remember it again.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/06/spanish-and-portuguese-once-and-future.html
1. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/020899.php
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3307
3. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/article3744594.ece
4. http://50.123.8.666plusf42:RSckyns849828171339УЧ
http://www.boston.com/news/world/europe/articles/2008/04/12/in_north_italy_immigration_is_hot_election_topic/
5. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0TJV8P3Xsw&feature=related
6. http://www.iht.com/articles/2008/05/21/europe/italy.php
7. http://www.monstersandcritics.com/news/europe/news/article_1405851.php
8. http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1657476/posts
9. http://pajamasmedia.com/blog/spain-the-once-and-future-muslim-province/
10. http://www.casadellibro.com/fichas/fichabiblio/0,1094,2900001086733,00.html?codigo=2900001086733
11. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/04/eight-jihadist-groups-have-settled-in.html
12. http://layijadeneurabia.com/
13. http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,901040927-699350,00.html
14. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/04/spain-needs-two-million-more-foreigners.html
15. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/021481.php
16. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/020800.php
2.60 Collusion between British Government and Muslim Terrorists
By Mister Fox
Gordon Brown and Business Secretary Lord Mandelson went to Saudi Arabia and the Gulf
states in the first week of November 2008 to ask them to fund our faltering economies by
putting billions into the International Monetary Fund.
In return they offered them some control over Britain and the West. The Saudi regime is
the motor behind Islamisation of the West. It is Saudi’s Wahhabi form of Islam which,
together with the Shi’ites in Iran, aims to make Islam dominant in the world. Saudi
money has financed the spread of Wahhabi mosques, preachers and educational
institutions in this country promoting holy war and converting thousands of British
Muslims.
Saudi Wahhabism seeks to conquer the West through a pincer movement comprising
violence on the one hand and cultural infiltration on the other and our Prime Minister is
colluding with them. Lord Mandelson admitted that the Saudis and other Gulf states
would get more influence in global institutions in return.
Islamic influence is spreading into our cultural life as they buy Western institutions.
Manchester City F C was is now owned by the ruling family of Abu Dhabi; Barclays Bank,
has had almost £6 billion invested from Abu Dhabi and Qatar.
Islamist ideas are also spread through Islamic study centres attached to our universities.
Professor Anthony Glees revealed eight universities — including Oxford and Cambridge —
have accepted more than £233.5 million from Saudi and Muslim sources since 1995,
spreading radicalism and creating two separate identities and sets of allegiance.
Our traditional elites are colluding with them against us. The Saudi monarchy are building
The Oxford Centre for Islamic Studies (OCIS), founded in 1985, Prince Charles is its
honourary patron. It is the biggest Muslim educational centre in the United Kingdom and
built as a traditional Oxford college around a central cloistered quadrangle. The 10,230 sq
m four-storey building will feature study and research facilities, a lecture theatre, a large
library and an environmentally controlled archive for rare documents; a prayer hall with
traditional dome and minaret tower. The centre includes a 108-foot-high minaret and a
75-foot-high dome. It is estimated at £65 million. We remember that this traitorous
university is pushing British students of in favour of overseas students.
The elites submission to Saudi was clear when they suspend rule of law as they did by
abandoning the bribery investigation into the arms deal between Saudi Arabia and BAE
systems because of an explicit threat made by the Saudi authorities that, if the case
continued, ‘British lives on British streets’ would be at risk, as explained by Britain’s
former ambassador to Saudi Arabia, Sir Sherard Cowper-Coles. These are the controllers
of terror groups in the West that Brown and oher politicians are colluding with against the
general public!
Muslims have influence over us through the combination of the threat of violence and
wealth,
yet, Brown is to make London the global centre of Islamic banking. Britain’s major banks
are accepting Sharia finance, on the basis that it is a source of vast wealth but Sharia is a
project for Islamising society that prohibits interest.
It was founded in mid-20th century by Islamist ideologues to further global Islamic rule
by creating separate administrative systems. Muslims have to donate some of their
income to charity, and that goes through the sharia banking system. Usually, the clerics
who decide where this ‘charity’ money should go are advocates of terror like Sheik Yusuf
Qaradawi, who supports suicide bombing in Iraq and Israel; and Sheik Muhammed Taqi
Usmani, who ran a madrassa that supported the Taliban, yet sits on the sharia
supervisory board of the Dow Jones Islamic Index Fund.
Many charitable donations are directed to terrorist organisations like Hamas and
Hezbollah. This influence was clear when the banks refused the BNP, a legal political
party, banking facilities.
Brown is giving Muslims more influence over our lives yet knows that terrorists are
organising to go to war with us because he is regularly briefed by the Secret Services.
The growth of terror cells was revealed in a leaked Government intelligence report states
that secret al-Qaeda cells in London, Birmingham and Luton are planning mass-casualty
attacks, reported the Telegraph of 9 Nov 2008.
The document was compiled by the intelligence branch of the Ministry of Defence, MI5
and Special Branch. It reveals that "some thousands" of extremists are active in the UK.
They are mainly born here and aged between 18 and 30. Many are thought to have been
trained abroad in terrorist camps.
The report "International Terrorism", states: "For the foreseeable future the UK will
continue to be a high-priority target for international terrorists aligned with al-Qaeda. We
are under threat from “British nationals”, including Muslim converts, foreign terrorists
based here and terrorists planning attacks from abroad." It notes that the threat from
the Islamist terrorists in the UK is "diverse and widely distributed" and that the numbers
of terrorist in Britain is "difficult to judge". The document does state, that the Joint
Terrorism Analysis Centre, which is based in MI5's headquarters at Thames House in
London, estimates "some thousands of extremists in the UK committed to supporting
Jihadi activities, either here or abroad".
Jonathan Evans, the director general of MI5, said last year they had identified at least
2,000 men and women who were a risk to national security and public safety.
Home Office figures record that since 2001, over 1,200 terrorist suspects have been
arrested, over 140 charged and more than 45 convicted of terrorism offences. It is also
estimated that there are 200 terrorist networks functioning in Britain today who are
involved in at least 30 plots.
This shows the number of terrorists threatening the UK is growing. The majority of
extremists are British nationals of south Asian, mainly Pakistanistani origin but there are
also extremists from north and east Africa, Iraq and the Middle East, and a number of
converts.
Knowing this, in November 2006, the Government were advertising for immigrants by
placing an Home Office pamphlet 'Multicultural Britain - A Land Of Immigrants'
encouraging immigrants to come here because of the Human Rights Act and well-paid
jobs, in embassies across the world including those were terrorist come here from. The
advert was first discovered in the Embassy in Pakistanistan!
The overwhelming majority of Muslims at war with us are of active service age - 18-30.
"The main concentrations are in London, Birmingham, with significant terrorist networks
in the South East, notably Luton. These enemy networks are spreading their propaganda,
training more terrorists, fund raising from local council grants, lottery; and, procuring
non-lethal military equipment to support Jihads in Pakistanistan, Afghanistan and Iraq,
against our soldiers and sending recruits to the conflicts.
MI5 believe that the risk of terror attacks by Islamist is widespread. To combat this, MI5
has nine regional offices and has nearly doubled its staff from 1,800 in 2001 to 3,500
today. But is recruiting from Muslim communities and allowing itself to be subverted. The
elites play down the number of Muslims in Britain but we know it is many more than
1.5million. At least a million live in London. There are c150,000 Muslims in Birmingham
and a further c27,000 in Luton. There are an estimated 10,000 Afro-Caribbean Muslims
or white converts.
Luton has a growing Muslim population and has been a hot-bed of radical activity. The
extremist group al-Muhajiroun is active in the town but the police ignore them. The 7/7
bombers gathered in Luton, to travel to London to kill people. Yet the Government still
encourage them to pour into the country!
The ethnic cleansing of non-Muslims in Luton shows police complicity. The Muslims are
attacking people from all races and are trying to ethnically clear a West Indians in Luton
by throwing bricks through their windows. The police have been ignoring it, but TV
showed a residents meeting with episcopalian Bishop Blake asking the police what they
were going to do about it. (1)The police have “Hate Crime officers” to harry and
persecute any who try to expose what Muslims are doing!
Some of the terrorists involved in the plot to bring down airliners using liquid bombs
came from London, where a bomb factory had been established. In Birmingham, a
bulkhead of Muslim territorialism is where the kidnaping of a Muslim in the British army
was planned.
The leader Parviz Khan, who was financed by state benefits, formed a terrorist cell
intended to video the execution and release the film on the internet.
It is senior Government ministers who encourage terrorists to come here. Yahoo news of
11 November 2008 reported that a Hizbollah radical was allowed to enter the UK after
ministers announced a crackdown on extremists. Ibrahim Mousawi spoke at a conference
at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London. Mr Mousawi, a former editor of
Hizbollah's television channel, is a "well-known extremist", The armed wing of the Middle
Eastern Islamic group is on a Home Office list of proscribed terror organisations. Yet,
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith, had announced that extremists would have to prove their
innocence under new rules and promised to publish a list of banned individuals!
Our elites act in consort with Muslims in changing our ways to be more suitable for their
children. Rowan Williamse, Archbishop of Canterbury, was quoted in the Daily Mail of 5th
July 2008 as saying Christian doctrine is offensive to Muslims, and criticising
Christianity's history for its violence, its use of harsh punishments and its betrayal of its
peaceful principles. His sent a conciliatory letter to Islamic leaders calling for an alliance
between the two faiths for 'the common good'. What a traitorous, evil man!
Our rulers are also allowing Muslims to take over our legal system. The Sunday Times
September 14th 2008 reported Islamic law has been officially adopted in Britain. The
government has secretly sanctioned the powers for Sharia judges to rule on cases
ranging from divorce and financial disputes to those involving domestic violence. Rulings
issued by a network of five Sharia courts are enforceable by the judicial system, through
the county courts or High Court. Before this rulings of Sharia courts in Britain could not
be enforced, and required voluntary compliance among Muslims. It has now come out
that Sharia courts with these powers have been set up in London, Birmingham, Bradford
and Manchester with the network’s headquarters in Nuneaton, Warwickshire. Two more
courts are being planned for Glasgow and Edinburgh.
The authorities are also encouraging anti-Semitic attacks in Britain which has reached its
second-highest level ever(17 May 2008. The Independent). Figures show 547 such
incidents were recorded last year, of which a record 114 were violent assaults. The
Community Security Trust (CST), which protects the Jewish community, counted every
recorded anti-Semitic assault, threat, act of abuse and damage or desecration of Jewish
property across the country. Mark Gardner, a spokesman for CST, said:” the usual allies
of British Jews fear showing support would further the Zionist cause. In the 1990s, when
Jews faced attacks from the far right there was a lot of sympathy from the liberal left
establishments, but today the same voices simply see anti-Semitism as something useful
to Zionists.”
The Miami Herald (October 10, 2004) had an article, "French Jews Escape to United
States," giving copious examples of French Jews who moved to southern Florida because
of their fears of the militant Muslim minority in France.
At the same time the Government and other authorities persecute opponents of this
collusion. “Chris Keates, the general secretary of the National Association of
Schoolmasters Union of Women teachers, said: “Those who declare their affiliation to the
BNP should not be allowed to work in the teaching profession or in public services.” The
Royal Institute of British Architects is persecuting BNP members. Any candidate for
election to RIBA’s council has to declare whether or not they are BNP. members. Compare
this to anti-Jewish legislation in pre-war Germany. (5)
The police not only ignore Muslims grooming our young girls but also the selling of heroin
and crack. They collude with Muslim extremists and persecute those who try to warn
about the dangers - police raided Blackburn BNP organiser Robin Evans and Pendle
councillor Brian Parker at dawn on suspicion of distributing a leaflet showing that Mulim
gangs distribute heroin. The police told Mr. Parker’s wife that it is over the heroin leaflet,
but a Crown Prosecution Service spokesperson told the Muslim News in October 2008,
“We looked at the evidence and concluded that there was not sufficient evidence to
advise the police to prosecute on ground of racial hatred.” The leaflet reveals to the
public that Muslim gangs are “almost exclusively responsible” for the heroin trade, of
which 95% comes from Afghanistan and Pakistanistan.
At the same time up to eight serving police officers and civilian staff are suspected of
having links to Al Qaeda. Some are thought to have attended terrorist training camps in
Pakistanistan and Afghanistan. The names of these officers were featured on a dossier,
drawn up with the help of MI5, that was instigated because of fears that Muslim terrorists
were taking advantage of the “positive discrimination” schemes used by the police to
attract more ethnic staff. (3)
It is clear that by their own logic the British police can not be trusted to uphold the law
fairly and impartially as they are witchunting certain types of people from the force and
giving preferment to Muslims terrorists! The real intention is shown because al-Queda
officers were not sacked, because the police said that they lacked the “legal power” to
dismiss them.
They claim Classified intelligence reports raising concerns about police officers affiliations
with Muslim terrorist cells can not be used to justify their dismissal, but a detective
inspector serving in the professional standards department of a Midlands force is
checking the leaked BNP members list against his force personnel records. He said: "Even
people on the list who are lapsed members of the BNP, or who have just approached the
party expressing an interest in joining, will be of interest to us."
This a clear insight into the fact that the practice of police work is governed by
institutional prejudice against “whites”. Officers are banned from joining or promoting the
BNP because they would not uphold the law in a multri-racial society impartially. By their
own logic employing al-Queda members or supporters suggests the police do are not
really fighting terrorism but the British people who oppose it. In fact Prime Minister
Gordon Brown who collaborates with the Saudis appointed John Cruddas MP to spearhead
a campaign against “the far right”.
Sources:
1. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-466832/Eight-Al-Qaeda-fanatics-working-police-dont-dare-sack-them.html
2. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-....king-police-don’t-dare-sack-them.html
http://www.bedsonsunday.com/bedsonsunday-news/DisplayArticle.asp?ID=248045
http://www.lutononsunday.com/lutononsunday/DisplayArticle.asp?id=248100
http://www.cogichq.co.uk/Text/bishop_a.htm
http://59.337.18.056subf19:RCpljub684165144671ЋБ
http://www.yoel.info/demographicjihad.htm
3. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/pol....rs-1026311.html
4. http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2008/nov/19/thefarright-freedomofinformation
5. http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/article.php?ModuleId=10005681
2.61 Kosovo - Just another step in the Islamisation of Europe
Has the world gone crazy or is there a master plan that the super powers have in mind
so intricate that the common people cannot comprehend? This is the question I have
been asking myself during the last couple of weeks while following closely the
development of the drama in Kosovo. The opinion that Kosovo’s unilateral declaration of
independence is illegal is shared by many countries in the world since it blatantly defies
international agreements. For some inexplicable reason, the US and the big West
European countries embraced the self proclaimed independence of this province in the
Balkans inhabited by clans of ruthless terrorists. I am sure that many people are raising
their eyebrows right now so I will provide some historical evidence to back my judgment
since I know for a fact that many people not only in the US but also in Europe are grossly
misinformed on this issue.
Tony Vladov from the Bulgarian daily newspaper Standard gives details on how the
notorious Albanian organised crime originated from the traditional family clans. Since the
fifteenth century those clans have used a system or rules called “kanun.” Similarly to the
mafia, each of these families have been controlling and governing certain territory, which
in many instances caused bloodsheds among clans. It’s suggested that even during the
rule of the Albanian dictator Enver Hodja fifteen clans in Albania have been committing
illegal contraband operations. Later these criminals expanded their operations and during
the political turmoil of 1997 they establish total control of the organised crime in Albania.
The same families created the Army for Liberation of Kosovo (AOK), with the simple
agenda of making money from the financing of the war with Serbia and to conquer new
territories inhabited by Albanians on the Balkans.
The war in Kosovo played a major role for the popularisation of Albanian criminal
contractors throughout Europe. Moreover, this changed the route of heroin transportation
from the East to the West. Before the war, the drugs used to go through the channel
Turkey-Serbia-Croatia and Slovenia. During the war the Albanians guaranteed the safety
of the cargos in the military zone and thus achieve total control of the traffic.
Immediately after the war, the ethnic Albanians and their fellow relatives from Kosovo
were granted a statute of refugees and quickly dispersed throughout Europe. The biggest
Albanian colonies put roots in Germany and Switzerland creating a monopoly on the
heroin trade. All of the Albanians have always highly respected the clans’ hierarchy. For
example, the Albanian leader in Macedonia – Ali Ahmeti is a nephew of Fazly Veliu, one of
the founders of Albanian Army for Libaration of Kosovo. Furthermore, the Veliu family is
closely related to the Djashari clan, which member is Haim Tachi himself. This same
person, Mr. Tachi (then leader of the AOK) killed many civilian Serbs during the AOK
infiltrations of sovereign Serbian territory. It is also curious that this individual is a close
friend of the foreign policy team of the Clinton Administration – Madeline Albright,
Richard Holbrook and Wesley Clark.
Until today Albania has been ruled by the terror of the lawless criminal clans and any
judge who dared to intervene has being executed. What the world doesn’t know is that
the fix idea of the Albanians of creating Great Albania is still alive and they are working
hard for achieving it. Most families procreate at large scales trying to conquer territories
demographically and later through bloodshed. Moreover, Albanians are spread all over
Europe and especially in the criminal underworld. They are notorious for their
effectiveness, unpredictability and incredible cruelty. Their main advantage to the other
organised crime is the fact that they speak language nobody understands, their
organisation is based on family ties and if someone dares to speak out that person is
being brutally murdered. In Europe, today the Albanian mafia is the main engine of traffic
of drugs and humans, theft and falsification of passports, weapons and human organs
trade, abductions, extortions and executions. In London these people control the entire
network of prostitution, in Italy and Greece they deal with weapons and drugs’
smuggling. There are entire towns in Italy where the business is controlled by Albanians.
In the US there are more than 150,000 Albanian immigrants from Kosovo, Macedonia,
Montenegro and Albania.
Moreover, here is another interesting piece of information about the “unprivileged”
Albanians. In 2002, soon after the invasion of Albanian terrorists in Macedonia, the local
government presented a 79 page report to the CIA, which highlighted the collaboration of
Albanians and Al Qaida on the Balkans. Since 1999 only in Kosovo there have been built
24 Wahabit mosques, 14 orphanages, and 24 elementary schools sponsored by the
Wahabit network. The situation in Albania is similar where the religious leader is a
disciple of the Wahabits of Saudi Arabia. Wahabism is a fundamentalist movement in the
Islam and is the main inspiration for the terrorists from Al Qaida. Although this doesn’t
mean that all Albanians will become terrorists, it poses a great danger to the world since
there are conditions for the creation and spreading of terrorist cells in the Albanian
society.
Why am I providing all this background information? I am just trying to explain why
independent Kosovo is so dangerous for the cultural and social integrity of Europe. The
Albanians and other Muslims for that matter have been refusing for years to integrate in
the European society. The problems they have created in the UK, Italy, France, Germany,
the Balkans and many other places are countless. The world saw what happened in Paris
and Germany few years ago. Last year, Albanian refugees from Kosovo tried to commit a
terrorist attack on an American military base in the US! In 2001 the AOK army invaded
Macedonia and destroyed Christian monasteries from the 12th century. Thanks to these
‘peace” loving individuals we can’t bring liquids on the aeroplanes today. I can only hope
that Turkey never gets to join the European Union or as Nicholas Sarkozy once said, one
day we will have to explain to our children why Beirut and Damascus should be in
Europe.
Based on all of the above facts I don’t understand why the US, France, Italy and
Germany accepted the unilateral proclamation of independence of Kosovo. Is the memory
of these nations so short or do they have a secret agenda? The US similarly to Russia
actually has always tried to split countries and regions so it can have more power over
them. The examples in history are many – the coup in Iran that brought to power the
Ayatollahs, the war in Iraq, the bombing of Serbia in the 90’s. In the age we live in,
however the time has come for the world powers to make a decision. Are they going to
work together in order to promote and conserve western values, traditions and cultures
and protect their people from the imminent threat of the dark force that is trying to
undermine all things civil we believe in or are they going to use the Muslim card in the
fight for power among themselves? Only time will show, but I truly hope that future
generations in Europe don’t have to wake up every morning by the sounds of Muslim
prayers and read re-written history books.
Source:
http://bnp.org.uk/2008/03/kosovo-just-one-step-in-the-islamification-of-europe/
By American Diario de America (America’s Daily)
2.62 The Norwegian Inquisition - Sunset in the Land of the Midnight Sun
By Fjordman
Stortinget, the Norwegian parliament, in April 2005 passed a new Discrimination Act. The
act says in pretty clear words[1] that in cases of suspected direct or indirect
discrimination due to religion or ethnicity, Norwegians are guilty until proven otherwise.
To me, it is surprising that they are allowed to pass such legislation at all. Isn't it a
fundamental part of all international law that a person should be innocent until proven
otherwise? Aren't our politicians thus depriving Norwegians of even the most basic
human rights? However, I have heard claims that it is technically legal to do this. The act
was passed in April with the approval of all parties in parliament, more than 80 % of MPs,
with the sole exception of the right-wing Progress Party. Immigration spokesman for the
Progress Party, Per Sandberg, is deeply disappointed[2] and fears the consequences of
the new legislation. "This law will jeopardise the rights of ordinary, law-abiding
Norwegian citizens. The principle of reverse burden of proof means that Norwegians are
guilty of discrimination unless they can prove otherwise. It will lead to many convictions
of innocent people. Reverse burden of proof is also combined with liability to pay
compensation, which means that innocent persons risk having to pay huge sums for
things they didn't do."
It is unclear why this act is needed at all, given that a survey of immigrants[3] only a few
months ago indicates that a vast majority don't feel they've been discriminated against in
Norway. Racism appears to be less widespread than earlier believed. And why on earth
are we supposed to show this ridiculous reverence and respect for their utterly failed
Islamic cultures in the first place? Why should people who come from some of the most
advanced countries on the planet have to crawl for those who come from the most
backward ones? If their Islamic societies are so great, how come people from these
countries burn their passports and treat their fingers with acid to remove fingerprints, all
in order to get into ours?
"Anti-racist" organisations are given a significant role in the new law. There is a new,
state-sponsored Equality Ombudsman who will be responsible for enforcing it, and coerce
all employers who refuse to abide by it. A multicultural Inquisition, in other words.
Cabinet minister Erna Solberg, who has earlier called for the establishment of a sharia
council[4] in Norway, proposed the new act. It will cover everything from the workplace
to the housing market. In a recent case, a local furniture store wouldn't allow a female
employee to wear a head scarf, arguing that it violated the store's dress code. Solberg’s
proposal will toughen the law[5], and also require those charged to mount proof of
their innocence. Solberg argues that existing law already makes it illegal for employers,
for example, to prevent women from wearing head scarves if their religion calls for it. Her
proposed law "would make this even more clear." This law could open the floodgates for
all kinds of unreasonable demands from Muslim immigrants in particular, who will be
given a licence for extortion of employers, courtesy of the Norwegian parliament. For
instance, it is likely that they can now claim that it is “discrimination” if they don’t have a
special prayer room provided. Already, Muslim taxi drivers demand a separate prayer
room[6] at Oslo Airport, where they can pray during working hours, but have received a
negative answer. The leader of the Somali Taxi Association, Ali Hassan, finds this
discriminating and unacceptable, and is planning a law suit over the matter: "We think
we have a right to pray during working hours. We demand to get a room where we can
perform prayers, without losing our spot in the taxi queue." At the same time as this is
going on, blind people with their guide dogs[7] are finding it increasingly difficult to get a
taxi ride in the Oslo region, where Muslims make up a high percentage of cab drivers.
It is frustrating that Norwegian authorities make it mandatory for all non-Muslims to
accept hijab, the Islamic veil, in their workplace. Many non-Muslims find hijab offensive,
and even some Muslims, too. The veil, is not ”just a piece of cloth”. It serves as a
demarcation line between proper, submissive Muslim women and whores, un-Islamic
women who deserve no respect and are asking for rape. The veil should more properly
be viewed as the uniform of a Totalitarian movement, and a signal to attack those
outside the movement. An Islamic Mufti in Copenhagen, Denmark, sparked a political
outcry after publicly declaring that women who refuse to wear headscarves are "asking
for rape."[8] Apparently, he isn’t the only Muslim in Europe to think this way. Norwegian
newspaper Dagbladet reported in 2001 that 65 percent of rapes in Oslo[9] were
performed by "non-Western" immigrants – a category that, in Norway, consists mostly of
Muslims. The article quoted a professor of social anthropology at the University of Oslo,
Unni Wikan, as saying that "Norwegian women must take their share of responsibility[10]
for these rapes" because Muslim men found their manner of dress provocative. The
professor's conclusion was not that Muslim men living in the West needed to adjust to
Western norms, but the exact opposite: "Norwegian women must realise that we live in a
multicultural society and adapt themselves to it." In January 2005, Norwegian media
reported[11] that 2004 saw the highest number or rape charges ever recorded in the
capital city of Oslo. Strangely enough, there was now no mentioning of how immigrants
were grossly overrepresented in rape cases. Why not? Unless there has been a sudden
and unexplained drop in the number of immigrants raping Norwegian women between
2001 and 2004, which is unlikely, the statistics should be at least as staggering in 2005
as they were before. If they are not revealed, it can only mean that “somebody” didn’t
like the numbers[12] presented in 2001, and decided to bury them. That “somebody”
must be a person high up in the police hierarchy, maybe even in the government. The
same thing happens in Sweden[13]. So in the end, the safety of young Scandinavian
women is sacrificed in order to keep the glossy image of a multicultural society intact.
Militant Islamists like Mullah Krekar[14] do reside in Norway. Besides, Norwegian police
have already issued a mobile security alarm[15] to Progress Party leader Carl I Hagen.
They worry that he's a target for terrorists unhappy with some anti-Islamic remarks he
made last summer. Hagen criticised Islam, and could see no similarity with the concept of
moral and justice found in Christianity. Hagen also said that if Israel loses[16] in the
Middle East, Europe will succumb to Islam next, if Islamic fundamentalists have it their
way. Christians should support Israel and oppose Islamic inroads[17] into Europe. In an
unprecedented step, a group of Muslim ambassadors[18] to Norway blasted Carl I Hagen
in a letter to newspaper Aftenposten, claiming he had offended 1.3 billion Muslims
around the world. Pakistan’s ambassador in particular has interfered in unacceptable
ways in Norwegian internal affairs before, trying to instruct and intimidate a Norwegian
politician of Pakistani origin who dared to voice her support for banning Islamic veils from
Norwegian schools.[19]
Dr. Ole Jørgen Anfindsen, editor, HonestThinking.org[20], believes that Norwegian
authorities have cheated with prognoses for the number of immigrants. According to his
numbers, ethnic Norwegians will become a minority in their own country before 2050 if
the current trends continue. The number of Muslims in Norway over 15 years has
quadrupled[21], meaning an annual growth of more than 9%. A Norwegian researcher
warns that ethnic gangs[22] can give Norway the kind of immigrant-related organised
crime that accompanied waves of migration to the USA. Dr. Inger-Lise Lien concludes
that the ethnic groups themselves are worried. Oslo, which
used to be a safe Scandinavian city, today looks more like
New York City pre-Giuliani. Native Norwegians are quietly
moving out[23] of the immigrant ghettos in inner-city Oslo in
large numbers. Tensions with immigrants have spread even to
smaller towns[24]. The trend is identical to what can be seen
in neighbouring Sweden, where several cities are now on the
verge of collapse[25]. Norway has already experienced what
seems to have been an attempted Islamic terror attack[26].
At the same time, there is new legislation proposed against
"discriminating" statements[27] made about specific groups,
even on Internet discussion forums and websites. Which
means that Norwegians can't say too much about Muslim
immigrants destroying the country, because that is racism and
thus illegal. At a time when the multicultural ideology is
increasingly seen as a mistake in many countries, the
authorities here respond by making it the official state ideology and banning all
opposition. The heavily left-leaning Norwegian media are remarkably quiet about this,
and do not make a fuzz about this infringement of freedom of speech.
Scandinavia is a Utopia lost. Previously quiet Scandinavian nations now suffer Islamic
terror threats and death threats[28] against people criticising Islam. Norway celebrates
100 years as an independent state[29] this year. Judging from this new discrimination act
and the runaway Muslim immigration, perhaps the anniversary should be called “From
independence to colonisation”. At the same time as their women are no longer safe in the
streets because of immigrant gangs, the authorities respond by making Norwegians de
facto second-rate citizens in their own country. They use their own people as stepping
stones for their personal careers in the UN bureaucracy. Pompous, hypocritical
Scandinavian clowns, lecturing about how to create the perfect society while their own
citizens find it increasingly hard to live in their major cities.
To Americans out there: Tired of hearing Europeans criticise you and how “fascist” your
administration is? Well, it wasn’t the USA that just passed a law - with the support of
more than 80 % of the lawmakers – that states that their own citisens are guilty until
proven otherwise. Want to get even with some smug anti-American Europeans? Here’s
your chance. Leave a message on my Fjordman blog if you want to write something
about this case. I will try to help with translations as much as I can. There is
unfortunately no shortage of material.
Source:
http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/05/norwegian-inquisition-sunset-in-land.html
1. http://www.stortinget.no/cgi-wift/wiftldles?doc=/usr/www/stortinget/beso/beso-200405-
067.html&emne=diskrimineringsloven&ting=beson+besog+belsn+beslg&sesjon=*&#map10
http://51.195.4.424plusf14:QKioces813876008242СБ
2. http://www.frp.no/article/?id=16306
3. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article926597.ece
4. http://www.dt.no/apps/pbcs.dll/artikkel?AID=/20031106/NYHET/111060264/-
5. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article702138.ece
6. http://pub.tv2.no/nettavisen/innenriks/article337934.ece
7. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/04/norway-blind-people-rejected-by-muslim.html
8. http://jimball.com.au/features/Political uproar over mufti's rmearks -The Copenhagen Post.htm
9. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article190268.ece
10. http://windsofchange.net/archives/2002_07_21_woc.html#79347827
11. http://www.dagsavisen.no/innenriks/article1417421.ece
12. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/03/norway-rapes-continue.html
13. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/02/muslim-rape-epidemic-in-sweden-and.html
14. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/000680.php
15. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article860793.ece
16. http://www.norwaypost.no/content.asp?folder_id=1&cluster_id=25780
17. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article829008.ece
18. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article836294.ece
19. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article758943.ece
20. http://honestthinking.org/en/pub/VG.205.05.15.OJA.Cheating_with_immigration_numbers.htm
21. http://blog.bearstrong.net/001579.html
22. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article856476.ece
23. http://www.dagsavisen.no/innenriks/article978591.ece
24. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article889813.ece
25. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/05/is-swedish-democracy-collapsing.html
26. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article880632.ece
27. http://www.dagbladet.no/nyheter/2004/12/17/417876.html
28. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1024117.ece
29. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/05/norwegian-national-day-17th-of-may.html
2.63 The Anti-Racist Witch-Hunts
By Fjordman
The leading Norwegian blog Document.no[1] tells the horrifying story about how two
decent white men in 2007 were attacked by a media lynch mob for their supposed
"racism." As it turns out later, the mainstream media didn't present nearly all of the
information relevant to the case at the time, which didn't prevent them from nearly
destroying these two men. This happened at the same time as there is a growing wave of
crime and violence targeting the natives. The response of the authorities to rising levels
of racist violence targeting the natives has been to increase crackdowns on "racism" – by
the white natives. In 2005 the Norwegian parliament – with the support of 85% of MPs –
passed a new Discrimination Act[2], prepared by then Minister of Integration from the
Conservative Party, Erna Solberg, who had earlier called for the establishment of a sharia
council in Norway.
A spokesman for the right-wing Progress Party, Per Sandberg, feared that the law would
jeopardise the rights of law-abiding citizens. Reverse burden of proof is combined with
liability to pay compensation, which means that innocent persons risk having to pay huge
sums for things they didn't do. If an immigrant claims that a native has somehow
discriminated against him or made a discriminatory remark, the native person has to
mount proof of his own innocence. This harsh law was passed despite the fact that most
immigrants themselves claimed they had encountered little discrimination.
I have later discovered that similar laws have been passed across much of Western
Europe, encouraged by the EU and the Council of Europe (CoE) in cooperation with
international Islamic organisations. The Norwegian law followed an initiative from the
CoE. There was virtually no public debate about this law, which was passed in relative
silence prior to the national elections that year. Not a single journalist genuinely criticised
it, and most barely mentioned it at all before it was passed. The same journalists
otherwise tend to be very concerned about the legal or "human rights" of Islamic
terrorists, but apparently not of their own people.
The Equality and Anti-discrimination Ombud[3] Beate Gangås, a white lesbian feminist,
before the municipal elections in 2007 warned all political parties against making
"discriminatory" remarks regarding immigration policies, but called for actively
reducing[4] the number of white, heterosexual men in politics. There was little real
debate about immigration in the heavily left-leaning media that year, but an all the more
passionate witch-hunt looking for racists, and by that I mean whites only. The left-wing
coalition government, after a meeting with immigrant organisations, announced that
racists, apparently meaning white natives only, should be "smoked out"[5] of all public
sector jobs.
The same government in October 2008 funded[6] a conference in Oslo involving
"dialogue" with a number of hardline sharia-sponsoring groups from the Middle East,
including the Egyptian branch of the Muslim Brotherhood. The section Fred og Forsoning
("Peace and Reconciliation") of the Foreign Ministry financed the research project "Fault
Lines of Islamism" [pdf][7] led by Bjørn Olav Utvik of the University of Oslo. Gry Larsen
from the Labour Party, representing the Ministry, was scheduled to meet with
representatives of these groups. The left-wing government can thus meet with radical
Islamic groups, but want to silence those among the natives who don't want Muslims
with such views to settle in their country. No "dialogue" with them.
Two ambulance drivers in Oslo, both of them white native Norwegians, were in August
2007 involved in what became a massively hyped case supposedly involving "white
racism." The ambulance had arrived to pick up an African man who was injured. As
ambulance driver Erik Schjenken[8] months later explained, the man "pulled down his
pants and urinated on my colleague's leg. My colleague was surprised, pulled away and
called him a pig. That's when we viewed the man as a problem, and decided it was best if
the police took him to the clinic." Ali Farah, the Somalian man in question, had more
severe head injuries than the drivers assumed at that point. "We made a mistake,
because we interpreted his urination as willful and a provocation, but NOT because we
had racist or discriminatory motives," Schjenken wrote.
Based on weak suspicions of "racism," the mass media, leading intellectuals and
politicians launched what can only be described as a witch-hunt against the two
ambulance drivers. "This would never happen to a white man," said the prominent
Norwegian-Pakistani lawyer Abid Q. Raja[9], representing Farah and his family. Author
Anne Holt, who once served as Minister of Justice for the Labour Party, wrote an essay in
newspaper Aftenposten which in my view amounted to a verbal execution of the drivers.
Both of them were suspended from service and became the target of widespread,
negative media coverage. They were later cleared after an investigation of the incident
by the Norwegian Board of Health Supervision. However, the Equality and Anti-
Discrimination Ombud, or the Multicultural Inquisition as I like to call it, ruled that Farah
was a victim of discrimination and that the ambulance personnel broke the anti-
discrimination laws. As noted before, the anti-discrimination law states that natives are
guilty of "discrimination" almost as soon as they are suspected of it.
It should be mentioned here that this African man was injured in the first place because
he was beaten by another African man, from Ghana[10]. In Norway, a country straddling
the Arctic Circle and with no colonial history, one African man beats another African man,
and the result is that the white ambulance drivers, who have dedicated their lives to
helping other people, become the targets of a lynch mob led by the country's media.
Driver Erik Schjenken needed professional help as he was brought to the brink of suicide.
According to Hans Rustad from the major blog Document.no[11], the ideology of anti-
racism in some cases resembles what we have seen from Communists regimes. The term
"racist" is similar to being called a "class traitor" under Communism. The mere accusation
is powerful enough to destroy lives. Rustad fears that anti-racism in some cases leads to
lawlessness. Ambulance driver Schjenken was a well-regarded employee who had
performed thousands of calls and saved many lives, yet because of one error of
judgment, which in my view was understandable given the situation, his life was ruined.
All because he had a politically incorrect skin colour while the other person was non-
white.
What makes this even more absurd is that in Norway, as throughout the Western world,
white-on-non-white violence is exceedingly rare. The vast majority of racism and racist
violence comes from non-whites against whites, or between different groups of non-
whites. In Oslo, young girls are raped; schoolchildren are threatened with death, robbed
and assaulted. The police have warned against "an alarming rise in street violence" in
urban areas across the country. This is directly caused by mass immigration, which is
nevertheless still championed by the very same media who attacked these two
ambulance drivers.
For instance[12], a 17-year-old Somalian was convicted of the rape of a young girl in
Oslo. The court stated that the rape was unusually brutal and lasted for several hours.
The man choked the girl for so long that the medical doctor who examined her said that
she could have died. The girl suffers from severe psychological problems in the aftermath
of the attack. The African youth was sentenced to four and half years in prison. This
sentence included another rape, where his Norwegian-Moroccan friend raped a 13-year-
old girl whilst the Somalian helped to threaten her and keep guard. She has naturally
been traumatised from the incident.
Numerous natives have had their lives ruined by similar attacks, yet anti-white racism is
rarely mentioned as a problem by the mainstream media. Whites are apparently fair
game. The more vicious the rapes, muggings, and stabbings targeting whites in their own
country get, the more aggressive and hysterical the witch-hunt on "white racism"
becomes. French philosopher Alain Finkielkraut[13] has warned that "the lofty idea of
'the war on racism' is gradually turning into a hideously false ideology. And this anti-
racism will be for the 21st century what Communism was for the 20th century: A source
of violence."
Professor Sigurd Skirbekk[14] of the University of Oslo notes that "In 1994, the German
periodical Focus pointed to opinion polls taken in Germany, France and England in which
55, 52 and 50 per cent, respectively, felt that their countries accepted too many
immigrants. From Norway we have a representative study from 1987 which showed that
51% of the people felt that the country should accept fewer immigrants; 25% felt that
politicians should stick to current practice, while only 8% wanted to accept more
immigrants. A similar study in Sweden, made a couple of years later, showed that 54% of
Swedes felt that too many people were immigrating to Sweden. In later studies the
figures have varied somewhat; but there have always been more people who have
favored a restrictive policy than those who favored liberalisation." Thus, according to
Skirbekk, "the extent of recent immigration cannot be explained on the basis of popular
opinion [my emphasis]."
Skirbekk wonders[15] whether there is a quasi-religious undercurrent to the anti-racist
movement, and that it is quite literally the equivalent of the witch-hunts of previous
ages:
"A number of researchers have come to see that certain issues in the migration debate
has religious connotations. The Norwegian social anthropologist Inger Lise Lien, for
instance, has written that 'racism' in the public immigration debate has become a word
used to label the demons among us, the impure from whom all decent people should
remain aloof. We have every reason to believe that the use of the term 'racist' in our day
has many functional similarities with the use of the word 'heretic' three hundred years
ago….It is presumably fully possible to join anti-racist movements with the sole motive of
identifying with something that appears to be politically correct, or in order to be a part
of a collective that entitles one to demonstrate and to harass splinter groups that no one
cares to defend." But "behind the slogan 'crush the racists,' there might well be
something more than a primitive desire to exercise violence. The battle also involves an
element of being in a struggle for purity versus impurity. And since racism is something
murky, anti-racism and the colourful community it purportedly represents, becomes an
expression of what is pure."
The Norwegian left-wing author Torgrim Eggen[16] warns against "race wars" brought
about by mass immigration yet continues to support it. Questioned about what we can do
to avoid this scenario he states: "That's a very stupid question to ask to an author. This
presupposes that I want everybody to be happy, have a good time and don't have any
problems. If so, what do they want me to write about?"
I will give him credit for his honesty: This is the most frank admission I have seen of the
fact that some people don't WANT society to be harmonious; they think it's boring. There
is no worse fate for a self-professed intellectual than to live in a nation that is by and
large prosperous, peaceful and well-functioning because nobody will care about his
advice or follow his guidance, as is befitting a person of his intelligence.
During the Multicultural craze of the 1990s, Eggen in an essay entitled "The psychotic
racism[17]" warned against turbulence caused by mass immigration. The solution to this
was not to limit immigration, but to limit criticism of immigration. According to him,
xenophobia and opposition to mass immigration should be viewed as a mental illness,
and hence "the solution to this xenophobia is that you should distribute medication to
those who are seriously affected. I have discussed this with professor of community
medicine, Dr. Per Fugelli, and he liked the idea." Mr. Fugelli suggested putting anti
psychotic drugs in the city's drinking water.
This may sound too extreme to be meant seriously, but Fugelli has continued to chastise
those who are critical of national immigration policies. Eggen warned that arguments
about how ordinary people are concerned over mass immigration shouldn't be accepted
because this could lead to Fascism: "One should be on one's guard against people,
especially politicians, who invoke xenophobia on behalf of others. And if certain people
start their reasoning with phrases such as 'ordinary people feel that,' one shouldn't argue
at all, one should hit [them]."
Thomas Hylland Eriksen, professor of social anthropology at the University of Oslo, heads
a multi-million project[18] sponsored by the state trying to envision how the new
Multicultural society will work. He is a career multiculturalist and intellectual celebrity in
his country, a frequent contributor to the public debate and lives, according to himself, in
a boring, monocultural part of the city, insulated from the effects of cultural diversity.
Hylland Eriksen has proclaimed the death of (Western) nations as if he derives pleasure
from it, and has stated that the Nidaros Cathedral (Nidarosdomen), the most prominent
church in the country, should no longer serve as a national symbol in our Multicultural
society.
Mr. Eriksen has clashed with Ole-Jørgen Anfindsen, who runs the bilingual quality website
HonestThinking.org and warns against the effects of uncontrolled mass immigration.
According to[19] Hylland Eriksen, "Cosmopolites insist on a world comprising of more
colours than black and white. In such a world, the problems presented by Ole-Jørgen
Anfindsen are not just petty, but irrelevant."
What are the problems presented by Mr. Anfindsen? Well, he has published numbers
indicating that if the current immigration continues, native Norwegians will be a minority
in their own country within a couple of generations. Given the fact that ethnic groups
who become minorities in their own lands usually have a hard time, and always get
persecuted when the newcomers are Muslims, one would assume that this would be
interesting information. But for self-proclaimed "Multicultural cosmopolites," it is "petty
and irrelevant" to even consider that this could represent a problem. Eriksen calls
Anfindsen "stupid and ignorant," and hints that "Maybe Anfindsen's agenda is inspired by
a kind of perverted Christianity (he has a Christian background)."
"He has a Christian background." Is that supposed to be an insult and disqualify a person
from worrying about whether his grandchildren will be persecuted? Mr. Eriksen, like other
Western multiculturalists, worries about Islamophobia but is more than willing to mock
Christianity. A newspaper essay co-authored by Eriksen states that: "Is he [Anfindsen]
asking us to once again repeat the obvious in that the murder of Theo van Gogh, various
acts of terrorism and death threats against newspaper editors have nothing to do with
Islam?"
Nothing to do with Islam? Really?
Mohammed Bouyeri[20], born in Amsterdam of Moroccan parents, killed Theo van Gogh
as he was cycling in Amsterdam on Nov. 2, 2004, shooting and stabbing before slashing
his throat and pinning a note to his body with a knife. "I did what I did purely out my
beliefs," he told judges while clutching a Koran[21]. "I want you to know that I acted out
of conviction and not that I took his life because he was Dutch or because I was
Moroccan," but because he believed van Gogh insulted Islam in his film criticising the
treatment of Muslim women.
So a peaceful Christian man is accused of having a dark, secret agenda, while a Muslim
murderer who brags about his Islamic motivations has nothing to do with Islam? A
Serbian doctor from the former Yugoslavia, where a Multicultural society recently
collapsed in a horrific civil war, warned against the effects of unchecked mass
immigration. Thomas Hylland Eriksen responded by chastising her for her "lack of
visions[22]."
Apparently, your worth as an intellectual is measured in how grandiose your ideas are.
The greater your visions, the more dazzling your intellect is and thus the greater prestige
should be awarded to you. Whether those visions actually correspond to reality and
human nature is of secondary importance. In fact, many a self-proclaimed intellectual will
be downright offended by the petty considerations of his more pedestrian fellow citizens,
concerned with what effects his ideas will have in real life. The fact that some people
could get hurt from his ideas doesn't discourage him. Truly great advances for mankind
can only be accomplished though sacrifices, preferably made by others than himself.
Those who champion mass immigration take no self-criticism for the violence their
policies have brought. On the contrary, they want more immigration. Following the
release of a UN population report[23] in 2007 which indicated a global population
increase of several billion people over the coming decades, Marie Simonsen, the political
editor of Norwegian left-wing newspaper Dagbladet, which has spent decades denouncing
the right-wing Progress Party for their "racist" policies of limiting mass immigration,
wrote that it should be considered a universal human right for people everywhere to
migrate wherever they want to. This would mean virtually certain annihilation for a tiny,
wealthy and naive Scandinavian nation. Ms. Simonsen thus endorsed the gradual
eradication of her own people, no doubt congratulating herself for her tolerance. Not a
single word of protest was voiced by any other journalist to this statement.
"Human rights" was a concept originally intended to ensure liberty. Now it's used to
eradicate an entire civilisation, in the name of tolerance and diversity, and the natives are
specifically banned from protesting against this.
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3576
1. http://www.document.no/2008/10/den_som_har_makt.html
2. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/05/norwegian-inquisition-sunset-in-land.html
3. http://www.ldo.no/no/Shortcuts/Information-in-english/
4. http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/iriks/politikk/article1978068.ece
5. http://www.nrk.no/nyheter/1.3196286
6. http://www.vg.no/pub/skrivervennlig.hbs?artid=530563
7. http://www.hf.uio.no/ikos/forskning/forskningsprosjekter/utvik/b_o_utvik/faultlines.pdf
8. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article2355648.ece
9. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1926561.ece
10. http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/iriks/article2478755.ece
11. http://www.document.no/2008/10/den_som_har_makt.html
12. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/07/norwegian-government-covering-up.html
13. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/12/sarkozy-backs-finkielkraut-over-muslim_09.html
14. http://folk.uio.no/sigurds/innv/b.html
15. http://folk.uio.no/sigurds/innv/f.html
16. http://www.gyldendal.no/eggen/Folkehje.html
17. http://www.gyldendal.no/eggen/Folkehje.html
18. http://www.culcom.uio.no/programmet/programbeskrivelse-eng.html
19. http://www.dagbladet.no/kultur/2006/09/23/477597.html
20. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/007124.php
21. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/010004.php
22. http://www.dagbladet.no/kultur/2005/04/11/428472.html
23. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/1545634/UN-predicts-huge-migration-to-rich-countries.html
24. http://40.452.-3.709plusf58:LEzpkor737874243928ГЛ
2.64 Discrimination and harassment against cultural conservatives
From a Leftist newspaper:
The Local continues: “Sweden’s most popular far-right political party, the Sweden
Democrats (Sverigedemokraterna), seems to be coming closer to the mainstream. Yet while
the Sweden Democrats’ rhetoric and racism of extremist demonstrators may bring
uncomfortable echoes of the wartime past, there is one crucial difference: mainstream
Swedish society today goes out of its way not to be indifferent.”
But they are indifferent. They are indifferent to the multitude of violent attacks and
human rights violations the Sweden Democrats are subject to. As Bruce Bawer writes in
While Sweden Slept:
Only one sizable party in the country, the Sweden Democrats, articulates most Swedes’
concerns about their country’s immigration and integration policies. Again and again, it has
been the object of breathtakingly undemocratic treatment by the political establishment.
[…]
Sweden Democrats have been the targets of events that recall China’s Cultural Revolution.
Staged “people’s protests” by members of the ‘youth divisions’ of other parties have led to
the firing of Sweden Democrats from their jobs. A few weeks ago, a junior diplomat was
dismissed when it became known that he was a member of the party and had criticised his
country’s immigration policy. On several occasions, thugs loyal to the ruling parties have
broken up Sweden Democratic meetings and beaten up party leaders.
I have written about one such attack[1], which extreme
Leftists later openly bragged about on the Internet, around
30 members of the Sweden Democrats were attending a
private party outside the town of Växjö. “To clearly
demonstrate that the Sweden Democrats are not welcome
in our area, about 20 anti-Fascists chose to attack the
party. The Sweden Democrats were attacked with knives,
axes, iron bars and other weapons. After that, their cars
were destroyed.” The brave Leftists then smashed the
windows and threw tear gas into the building, forcing
people outside, where they were again attacked and
beaten with iron bars and axes. Several of the people were
hospitalised after the attack. This was a peaceful, private
party by unarmed members of a perfectly legal political
party that just happens to be critical of the country's
immigration policies. These brave Leftists or “anti-Fascists”
do, for some curious reason, seem to behave pretty much
like, well, Fascists, a bit like the Brown Shirts in the 1930s,
physically assaulting political opponents to silence them.
The Swedish newspaper Expressen finally warned against the “low-intensity terrorism”
conducted by extreme Leftists and neo-Nazis. But they were honest enough to admit that
the extreme Leftists have tended to get away with their violence because it has been
directed against the despised right-wingers. Now, their violence is increasingly aimed at
established political parties and state institutions, too. Political scientist Peter Esaiasson
has done research into every election movement in Sweden since 1866. According to
him, the organised attempts at disrupting meetings during the 2006 elections had no
parallels in modern history.
Most likely several hundred individuals have for the last few decades experienced cultural
Marxist/multiculturalist persecution throughout Western Europe. Here is an example of an
individual being fired:
From 2003 to 2006 I worked as a civil servant in the Berchem borough of Antwerp,
Flanders. Berchem is a multicultural neighbourhood with many immigrants of Turkish and
Moroccan origin. My job was to promote the integration of these people and foster good
relations between the different ethnic groups living in Berchem. Prior to 2003 I worked in
Antwerp North, another neighbourhood with many immigrants.
During the past years I noted how radical Islamists groups began to take over the
immigrant neighbourhoods. I warned for this danger in my reports to the city authorities.
The latter made it clear to me that they did not like my reports. They said my reports read
like “Vlaams Belang tracts.” The VB is the local anti-immigration party. When I kept
reporting about what I saw happening around me I was fired[2].
Source:
1. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/05/new-york-times-and-sweden-dark-side-of.html
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1970
2.65 ANTIFA/Labour Jugend – State sponsored Marxist lynch mobs
(Original title: FREEDOM FIGHTING "FASCISTS")
By Fjordman
“The fascists of the future will be called anti-fascists.”
Winston Churchill
In late 2007 and early 2008, I was involved in a heated argument with the American blog
Little Green Footballs and its owner Charles Johnson. I haven't been thinking much about
it since then because it consumed too much energy and I found it to be a waste of time.
However, recent events have caused me to look at these issues once more. In the city of
Cologne (Köln), Germany, a scheduled anti-Islamisation demonstration was disrupted by
an unholy alliance of Eurabian Multicultural elites and extreme Leftist "anti-Fascists." As
Thomas Landen puts it in The Brussels Journal[1]:
"Last weekend's events in Cologne demonstrate what European conservatives are up
against. A conference protesting the building of a mega mosque run by Turkish radicals was
violently disrupted by thugs who gained the approval of the local German authorities and
the German media. The international media, including the so-called 'conservative' media,
have either not written about the Cologne incidents or done so by branding the
conservatives as 'Neo-Nazis' and the thugs as ordinary citizens bravely fighting back
'Nazism.' An example of the latter can be found in The Times of London[2]."
According to magazine Der Spiegel[3], "an estimated 40,000 protesters turned up in
Cologne's downtown Heumarkt area, many wearing clown suits, to disrupt the rally. They
blocked urban trains to keep delegates away and raided a tourist boat shaped like a
whale - called the 'Moby Dick' - where the far-right gathering had been hoping to hold a
press conference. A Pro Cologne spokesman said, 'Stones, bricks and paint bombs were
thrown and the panoramic windows of the Moby Dick were shattered.' Police cancelled
the rally after 45 minutes. Pro Cologne organisers had to dismantle microphones and
other equipment in Heumarkt while the overwhelmed riot cops tried to hold back the
crowd of protesters."
According to Der Spiegel, Police had prepared for about 1,500 far-right activists,
organised by the local 'Pro Cologne' movement, to make a public show of discussing what
they called the 'Islamisation' of Europe."
As the esteemed American writer and columnist Diana West[4] commented: "The
suggestion here is that no non-'far-right activist' could possibly be so 'far right' as to
imagine Europe is being Islamised….The point of the anti-Islamisation rally was rational
discussion. But Cologne proved it values neither reason nor discussion. 'The city was
ready.' For mob rule."
The supposedly conservative newspaper Die Welt put up an online poll[5] asking their
readers whether they thought it was OK to ban the anti-Islamisation demonstration.
According to the major blog Politically Incorrect[6], as of midnight 86% disagreed with
this policy. Suddenly, in the middle of the night, thousands of votes miraculously came in
and the poll ended with exactly 50% in favor of the ban. Die Welt deleted the comment
section because many comments criticised the decision to ban the Pro Cologne meeting.
Several eyewitnesses who were present this weekend were shocked by the behaviour of
the police, who in their eyes seemed to be acting as a surrogate of the left-wing "antifa"
groups (supposedly anti-Fascists, although they tend to behave pretty much exactly like
Fascists).
Aviel[7], a Jewish man who was beaten up in Cologne on 20 September, explains:
"My [Jewish] friend, Michael Kucherov was the first casualty here on Friday. He got
beaten up for trying to enter the first of our [=Pro Cologne] meetings on Friday. I sorely
resent myself for not being there at that time for him. It rips me apart to hear about a
Jew being beaten up in the streets of Germany. Well he wouldn't be the only Jew. The
next day as I was trying to enter Heumarkt, I was beaten up by Antifa thugs on
Eibahnstrasse. In both incidents, as we were being beaten up, they were yelling and
screaming 'Nazi' which was quite odd. Michael dressed in a suit but I was wearing my
kippa and quite easily identified as a Jew so you can understand how odd it seems to be
beaten by Germans in the street and called Nazi when you are Jewish. Anyway, I am
going home with a broken rib but my pride still intact. I could have tried to escape or run
but no way no how and I going to run or get on my knees for these people. Not this Jew.
And one more thing, just let them all know that we (Jews) aren't all soft. Living here in
Europe, we battle thugs and islamists all the time and still ask for more. That's why I
travelled from France to Germany to make this conference. We are on the frontline of a
battle which grows darker by the minute."
A Norwegian man blogging under the name maalmannen experienced something similar
and posted many photos[8] from the event[9]:
"On several occasions, I observed people trying to join the demonstration being attacked
and chased away by the leftist counter-demonstration. In one case, an old woman
carrying a lot of anti-Islamisation posters was attacked by a gang of Antifa activists. The
rest of the crowd shouted 'Nazis raus' [Nazis out] when these criminals attacked the old
frau and took all her posters away from her, and then ordered her to leave or risk more
attacks."
Spanish writer AMDG from the blog La Yijad en Eurabia[10] adds his observations:
"It was obviously not possible to enter the Heumarkt. I tried one of the narrow streets of
the old city; there was a line of antifas with black clothing and sun glasses. They have
even dared to place one of those plastic red-white stripes in front of them. I told one of
them that I wanted to cross, they say no way. One of them spoke Spanish, and I ask her
whether she was any authority, she confirmed it 'we are the authority'. A line of anti-riot
police agents was only two metres behind them. I can not find a better image of the
creeping Eurabian fascism: The police not only do not confront them, they cover their
backs. Alternatively, we may think that the antifa-lefty militants are just the
stormtroopers (Sturmabteilung?) of the formal police."
A number of those demonstrating for "democracy" and against "extremism" were
Communists. I guess a hundred million dead victims of Communism in a few generations
isn't a sign of extremism. Some also carried anti-Israeli slogans and merchandise using
the icon of Marxist mass murderer and torturer Che Guevara. It is well-known that
hardline Marxist[11] organisations are still strong and influential[12] in Germany, as in
many other countries.
Many of those present noticed the militant-looking black outfits of some of the extreme
Leftist demonstrators, which seemed to match closely with their attitudes. Since the term
"Fascist" these days appears to be reserved for anti-Islamists and "racist" critics of mass
immigration in general and Muslim immigration in particular, it is challenging to find a
proper term for the militant antifa crowd. "Red Nazis" could be useful, but perhaps
"blackshirts" is most appropriate, alluding to their black clothing and uniforms.
According to AMDG, "I think that we should repeat this rally every year. We need to show
the Europeans that the Nazis and the fascists are the lefties. We can only make it by
insisting. We need to join also the counterdemo with banners showing verses of the
Koran."
The decision to silence the demonstration against Islamisation was supported by local
authorities as well as national and probably supranational ones. Thomas Steg,
spokesman for German Chancellor Angela Merkel, stated that Berlin favored "inter-
cultural dialogue." The German Interior Ministry, too, criticised the rally, stating that
"Such a gathering of populists and extremists harms the co-existence that the city and
Muslim citizens have striven for."
Cologne Mayor Fritz Schramma, from the same "conservative" Christian Democratic Party
(CDU) as Chancellor Merkel, said on public radio[13] that "We don't want their
conference and along with a great majority of Cologne people we'll be obstructing them."
In my view, Cologne Mayor Fritz Schramma is a dhimmi collaborator. His actions betray
his city, his country and his civilisation. This was a shameful act of cowardice and
appeasement of the Nazis of our time. The true heirs of the Nazis and the Communists,
both in totalitarian mentality and in methods, were the blackshirt left-wingers who were
present this day, not those who demonstrated against the Islamisation of their continent.
Schramma should resign immediately. It is nothing less than an international disgrace
that after Germany has been freed from the Nazis and the Communists, the authorities in
a major city in the largest country in Europe kneel to totalitarian thugs and allow them to
rule the streets.
The blackshirts were deliberately allowed by the authorities to harass those who are
critical of the official pro-Islamic policies. This confirms my long-held suspicion that the
extreme Leftist thugs who assault immigration-critics in certain countries are a prolonged
arm of the state. The "anti-Fascists" AFA in Sweden, for instance, openly brag about
regular physical attacks against people they don't like. They have been doing this for
years. The media and the authorities know about it and do nothing. They like it, plain and
simple.
The state-sponsored organisation Expo in Sweden co-published a book with AFA on critics
of mass immigration. Expo has now provided[14] their material to the largest political
party in the country, the Social Democrats, for use against their political rivals. The
"respectable," state-funded organisation Antirasistisk Senter, the Antiracist Center in
Norway, at their home page link[15] to AFA Stockholm, which they call "militant Swedish
anti-Fascists." So they do know they are "militant," but not so much that they won't link
to them. They also link to Antifaschistische Aktion (AFA) in Berlin, some of whose
members were probably among the brave "anti-Fascists" who assaulted "racist" old ladies
and Jewish "Nazis" in Cologne. The other organisations mentioned indicate that these are
recommended links, not just "relevant links." This is met with silence from the mass
media and the political class.
Norwegian newspaper Dagens Næringsliv has earlier[16]exposed the fact that the largest
"anti-racist" organisation in the country, SOS Rasisme (the largest of its kind in Northern
Europe with 40 000 members), was heavily infiltrated by Communists in the late 1980s
and early 90s, in other words, during the downfall of Communism in Eastern Europe.
They went directly from Communism to multiculturalism, which indicates that some of
them view multiculturalism as the continuation of Communism by other means. SOS
Rasisme lynch mobs and activists have on several occasions assaulted cultural
conservatives physically and continue to do so. The organisation receives financial aid
from the Norwegian government which has totalled several million NOK over the last
years. As such SOS Rasisme is an extended arm of the Norwegian Labour party, Socialist
Left Party and Rødt which serves the purpose of silencing political dissidents.
The state-funded Islamic Council of Norway admit that they receive "guidance" from the
Muslim Brotherhood's spiritual leader Yusuf al-Qaradawi and his Fatwa Council, who are
debating whether or not gays should be killed, among other things. He has also
supported suicide bombings and marriage to girls aged nine years old. Meanwhile, a
Socialist named Lars Gule, who was once arrested traveling to the Jewish state of Israel
with dynamite in his backpack with the intention of blowing up stuff, suggested on a
major blog that the security services should have me under surveillance because I am a
dangerous "right-wing extremist."
One of the foreign visitors, the Flemish politician Filip Dewinter, criticised[17] Cologne
Mayor Schramma and compared him to Freddy Thielemans, the Socialist Mayor of
Brussels, Belgium, who in 2007 and 2008 banned demonstrations commemorating the
2001 9/11 terror victims in the USA because he didn't want to upset the local Muslims.
"Brussels and Cologne have mayors who kneel and submit to Islamisation," Dewinter
said.
I checked the front page of the major American "anti-Jihad" website Little Green
Footballs (LGF) from Friday 19 to Tuesday September 23 2008 to check what blogger
Charles Johnson wrote about the demonstration. As far as I could see, he remained
completely silent on the subject, yet there is no doubt that he was aware of the event.
On Sep 8 he wrote about Fascists Hijacking Anti-Jihadism in Cologne”[18]" and stated
that "Here we go again, as an all-star cast of European fascists hijacks the anti-jihad
movement for their own sick political purposes."
One of these "Fascist bastards" (Johnson's words) was Dewinter, with his "Cities against
islamisation" project. Mr. Johnson himself noted that the leaders of the Islamic Republic
of Iran, hardly a beacon of tolerance and enlightenment, urged the European Union (not
Germany, interestingly enough) to intervene and stop this planned "anti-Islamic"
meeting, and Johnson concluded that "The Iranian mullahs couldn't have asked for better
propaganda."
The Iranians[19] put pressure on the EU several times and summoned the French
ambassador - France held the rotating presidency of the EU - to expressed deep concern
over the EU's lenient behaviour toward anti-Islamic sentiments in Europe and suggested
that European authorities prohibited the conference. Shouldn't the "anti-Jihadist" Johnson
and his followers be concerned over the fact that they end up on the same side as a
repressive and terrorist-sponsoring Islamic state against Westerners fighting for their
freedom? Apparently not.
Just a few days before this, the "Fascist bastard" Filip Dewinter[20] received the "Oriana
Fallaci Prize" in Florence for his work with "Cities Against Islamisation," among other
things. The prize is named after the courageous Italian Islam-critical journalist and writer
Oriana Fallaci. The irony is that Mr. Johnson kept a photo of Fallaci on his frontpage for
several years, but at the time of writing, this photo has suddenly and mysteriously
disappeared. I guess Fallaci was a Fascist, too, just like Dewinter, myself and everybody
else who doesn't believe in the myth of a moderate Islam. Dutch politician Geert Wilders
does not appear to believe in the existence of a moderate Islam, either. When will LGF
declare him a Fascist?
The LGF-crowd thinks that Europeans must prove that we are 100% "ideologically pure"
before we should be granted the right to fight for our continued existence. Imagine if a
house is on fire. The fire brigade has just arrived to put out the fire, but the neighbour
won't allow them to use the local water because he fears it may be impure. He will only
accept that they use holy water - distilled holy water - and only if it has been blessed by
a lesbian priest who supports voting rights for illegal immigrants. Since the firefighters
don't have this available, the house burns down, but the neighbour takes comforting in
knowing that at least the remaining ash is ideologically pure. This is Little Green
Football's attitude to the threat faced by the Western world. In fact, their attitude is to
say that the water is more dangerous than the fire itself, and to beat the firefighters with
their umbrellas while screaming "Fascist bastards!"
The thinking seems to be that if you scratch any random European there is usually a Nazi
lurking underneath, just waiting to get out. There are only two possible versions of
Europeans: the surrender-monkeys and the Nazis. If we are not the former, then it
follows by logic that we have to be the latter. This attitude betrays an all-pervasive
hatred that demonises absolutely anything Europeans do to protect their dignity and
heritage. It closely mirrors multiculturalism, which is an anti-Western, but especially anti-
European, hate ideology.
One of the reasons why hardcore anti-Semites (David Duke[21] would be a case in point)
are unreliable allies is that they hate Jews so much that it shuts down the rational parts
of their brain and they end up making common cause with Muslims, based on mutual
hatred. The same logic applies to hardcore anti-Europeans, of which there are many even
at "conservative" websites such as LGF. They have an irrational hatred, a dark cloud in
their minds which prevents them from seeing the world clearly. In a way, some LGF-ers
thus have more in common with David Duke than they'd like to admit. If mindless anti-
Semitism and anti-Americanism should be considered a problem then so should mindless
anti-Europeanism.
This weekend, we witnessed how violent thugs threatened, assaulted and in some cases
beat up people they disagreed with, several of them Jews. These "anti-Fascist"
blackshirts are closely related to the violent totalitarian movements of past generations,
in their dress code, mentality and willingness to silence freedom of speech by brute
force. In short, they resemble Fascists and Communists (some of them were
Communists). What has Little Green Footballs, which never misses an opportunity to
denounce "Fascists," written about this? So far, absolutely nothing. There are indeed
people who behave like Fascists in Europe, and they receive tacit support from LGF while
their victims are denounced as "Fascists."
I have watched, for the better part of a year, a number of decent human beings
including, but not limited to, Pamela Geller, Paul Belien, Diana West, the Baron and
Dymphna from the Gates of Vienna blog and many others, being at the receiving end of a
vicious smear campaign from Charles Johnson and Little Green Footballs which is unlike
anything I have seen in my life. After engaging in an insane witch-hunt on imaginary
Fascists, whose ranks seem to grow every month, Mr. Johnson now suddenly chooses to
look the other way in silence when very real Fascists use violence to silence their critics
in a major Western city. I admit that makes me angry, and I think I have the right to be
so.
The time has now come for Mr. Johnson to apologise in public to the numerous people he
has smeared since the fall of 2007, starting with the ones I have mentioned above. It's
not their credibility that's on the line here. It's his. If he continues to undermine those
confronting Islamic infiltration, it will become increasingly difficult for LGF to present itself
as an anti-Jihad website at all. At some point, the rapidly shrinking number of people in
the northern hemisphere who haven't been banned from the site yet will be forced to ask
themselves whether the website and its owner have simply switched teams and joined
the Dark Side.
Further comment:
ANTIFA are often the useful and “extended arm” of the current cultural
Marxist/multiculturalist establishment and they have been active since the 60’s and 70’s.
A majority of European countries have groups like AFA and RF - bashing, harassing and
terrorising all people who oppose or critisise mass Muslim immigration. There has been
more than 180 registered cases of extreme leftwing violence in Sweden the last three
years[22]. In Oslo, Norway, the national variant is called “Blitz” and SOS Rasisme, state
sponsored extreme left movements (lynchmobs), similar to AFA. A majority of the
political parties have for the last decades shown direct and indirect support for this group
and have funded the “Blitz house”. The apartment block was originally occupied but is
now funded and renovated by the current Oslo City Council.
Source:
http://atlasshrugs2000.typepad.com/atlas_shrugs/2008/09/atlas-exclusi-1.html
1. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3548
2. http://www.amnation.com/vfr/archives/011477.html
3. http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/0,1518,579661,00.html
4. http://www.dianawest.net/Home/tabid/36/EntryID/475/Default.aspx
5. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/09/gamed-poll-about-cologne.html
6. http://www.pi-news.net/2008/09/qualitaetsumfrage-aus-dem-hause-springer/
7. http://atlasshrugs2000.typepad.com/atlas_shrugs/2008/09/jews-beaten-at.html
8. http://maalmannen.blogspot.com/2008/09/bilete-fraa-kln-3.html
9. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/09/post-mortem-on-cologne-part-2.html
10. http://layijadeneurabia.com/2008/09/21/a-personal-account-of-yesterday%e2%80%99s-demo-in-koln-antifas-block-access-to-a-demo-
%e2%80%9cwe-are-the-authority%e2%80%9d-german-police-lines-behind-them/
11. http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,2144,3264553,00.html
12. http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/0,1518,553187,00.html
13. http://www.expatica.com/de/articles/news/Scuffles-in-Cologne-before-anti_Islam-rally--.html
14. http://snaphanen.dk/2008/09/21/%c2%bbjeg-forsager-dansk-folkeparti-og-alt-dets-v%c3%a6sen%c2%ab/
http://51.517.-0.083plusf95:QEopjnn365893154526ЗН
15. http://www.antirasistisk-senter.no/linker/index.html
16. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/06/political-correctness-revenge-of.html
17. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3542
18. http://atlasshrugs2000.typepad.com/atlas_shrugs/2008/09/goog_1222164708781
19. http://english.farsnews.com/newstext.php?nn=8707010676
20. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/09/filip-dewinter-wins-oriana-fallaci.html
21. http://www.memri.org/bin/articles.cgi?ID=SP103505
22. http://politisktinkorrekt.wordpress.com/2009/12/14/g-p-kartlagger-extremvansterns-vald/
2.66 The only English charity organisation is branded as racist while 215 Somali
organizations are welcomed
Manifestations of multiculturalism results in extremely disproportionate representation of
group oriented interest organisations. The only charitable organisation working for the
interest of English people are mocked and persecuted, being labeled as a racist
organisation, while thousands of other organisations (215 working for the interest of
Somalis, 92 for Pakistanis, even 144 for black interest) are never criticised due to the
doctrines known as political correctness/cultural Marxism/multiculturalism. This tendency
further underlines and documents how multiculturalism is an anti-European hate ideology
designed to destroy European traditions, cultures and identities.
The same tendencies are prevalent in other Western European countries as well.
Finnish people living in England and Wales have 11 charitable organisations which work
exclusively for the benefit and interest of the Finnish people. The Chinese have 164 such
charitable organisations, the Somalis have an incredible 215 despite, in addition there
are "about 1200" Jewish charities but at the bottom of the table are the English who (at
present) make up the vast majority of the population of England and Wales and have just
1 (yes one!) called The Steadfast Trust working on behalf of English people and their
interests in an increasingly fragmented and divided society.
On the 8th October a supporter of the Steadfast Trust made a Freedom of Information
request to the Charity Commission asking how many charities, like the Steadfast Trust,
specified one of their beneficiary category codes as being..."for people of a particular
ethnic or racial origin"
Due to a fortunate coincidence the Commission was already conducting research in this
area and provided a table of the interim results.
The Charity Commission has approximately 159,600 registered charities, although it
should be noted that this figure is fairly volatile due to the registration of excepted
charities and removal of inactive charities.
Around 15,500 charities have ticked the code ‘for people of a particular ethnic or racial
origin’, however many are excluded from the research since they only operate abroad.
There are about 6,860 charities identified that operate within the nations of England and
Wales.
The top ten most charity represented ethnic / racial origin groups (based on the number
of charities) is as follows...
- Jewish about 1200
- African 673
- Bangladeshi / Bengali 417
- Asian 331
- Somali 215
- India 209
- Caribbean 198
- Chinese 164
- Black 144*
- Pakistani 92
*the EHRC have been informed of this category term (i.e. Black) due to the concern that
it may violate the Race Relations Act 1976, which is believed to prohibit the use of skin-
colour as a means of distinguishing beneficiaries.
The purpose of charities is to work for the benefit and interests of their target group. As
the full table shows, the English are not even listed (meaning that there are under ‘10’
throughout England and Wales), which indicates that they are not ethnically well
represented on a specific basis. This is both surprising and unfortunate since it implies
that the largest ethnic group is disenfranchised and potentially neglected.
It is hoped that the Steadfast Trust (as the only known charity for the English people of
England) can address this balance in a small way. Steadfast Trust Trustee, Lynn Chorley
says:
"It is a sad truth that a few, very few in number, have raised concerns that our charity
may be discriminative. Of course this is not the case; in fact the discrimination comes
about where only the majority ethnic group of England isn’t allowed a charity for its own
people, resulting in us being massively under-represented.
We believe that our work at offering a vital sense of cultural identity, through education
and activities will have a positive impact on society as a whole, and we welcome all the
support that has been given."
The above report can be found on the Steadfast Trust site.
Source:
http://www.civilliberty.org.uk/newsdetail.php?newsid=735
2.67 How the diversity industry/ethnic industries/sub-cultures such as Hip-Hop
in combination with unrestricted media rights contributes to destroy society
John H. McWhorter
Not long ago, I was having lunch in a KFC in Harlem, sitting near eight African-American
boys, aged about 14. Since 1) it was 1:30 on a school day, 2) they were carrying book
bags, and 3) they seemed to be in no hurry, I assumed they were skipping school. They
were extremely loud and unruly, tossing food at one another and leaving it on the floor.
Black people ran the restaurant and made up the bulk of the customers, but it was hard
to see much healthy “black community” here. After repeatedly warning the boys to stop
throwing food and keep quiet, the manager finally told them to leave. The kids ignored
her. Only after she called a male security guard did they start slowly making their way
out, tauntingly circling the restaurant before ambling off. These teens clearly weren’t
monsters, but they seemed to consider themselves exempt from public norms of
behaviour—as if they had begun to check out of mainstream society.
What struck me most, though, was how fully the boys’ music—hard-edged rap, preaching
bone-deep dislike of authority—provided them with a continuing soundtrack to their
antisocial behaviour. So completely was rap ingrained in their consciousness that every
so often, one or another of them would break into cocky, expletive-laden rap lyrics,
accompanied by the angular, bellicose gestures typical of rap performance. A couple of
his buddies would then join him. Rap was a running decoration in their conversation.
Many writers and thinkers see a kind of informed political engagement, even a
revolutionary potential, in rap and hip-hop. They couldn’t be more wrong. By reinforcing
the stereotypes that long hindered blacks, and by teaching young blacks that a thuggish
adversarial stance is the properly “authentic” response to a presumptively racist society,
rap retards black success.
The venom that suffuses rap had little place in black popular culture—indeed, in black
attitudes—before the 1960s. The hip-hop ethos can trace its genealogy to the emergence
in that decade of a black ideology that equated black strength and authentic black
identity with a militantly adversarial stance toward American society. In the angry new
mood, captured by Malcolm X’s upraised fist, many blacks (and many more white
liberals) began to view black crime and violence as perfectly natural, even appropriate,
responses to the supposed dehumanisation and poverty inflicted by a racist society.
Briefly, this militant spirit, embodied above all in the Black Panthers, infused black
popular culture, from the plays of LeRoi Jones to “blaxploitation” movies, like Melvin Van
Peebles’s Sweet Sweetback’s Baadasssss Song, which celebrated the black criminal rebel
as a hero.
But blaxploitation and similar genres burned out fast. The memory of whites blatantly
stereotyping blacks was too recent for the typecasting in something like Sweet
Sweetback’s Baadasssss Song not to offend many blacks. Observed black historian
Lerone Bennett: “There is a certain grim white humour in the fact that the black marches
and demonstrations of the 1960s reached artistic fulfilment” with “provocative and
ultimately insidious reincarnations of all the Sapphires and Studds of yesteryear.”
Early rap mostly steered clear of the Sapphires and Studds, beginning not as a growl
from below but as happy party music. The first big rap hit, the Sugar Hill Gang’s 1978
“Rapper’s Delight,” featured a catchy bass groove that drove the music forward, as the
jolly rapper celebrated himself as a ladies’ man and a great dancer. Soon, kids across
America were rapping along with the nonsense chorus:
I said a hip, hop, the hippie, the hippie,
to the hip-hip hop, ah you don’t stop
the rock it to the bang bang boogie, say
up jump the boogie,
to the rhythm of the boogie, the beat.
A string of ebullient raps ensued in the months ahead. At the time, I assumed it was a
harmless craze, certain to run out of steam soon.
But rap took a dark turn in the early 1980s, as this “bubble gum” music gave way to a
“gangsta” style that picked up where blaxploitation left off. Now top rappers began to
write edgy lyrics celebrating street warfare or drugs and promiscuity. Grandmaster
Flash’s ominous 1982 hit, “The Message,” with its chorus, “It’s like a jungle sometimes, it
makes me wonder how I keep from going under,” marked the change in sensibility. It
depicted ghetto life as profoundly desolate:
You grow in the ghetto, living second rate
And your eyes will sing a song of deep hate.
The places you play and where you stay
Looks like one great big alley way.
You’ll admire all the numberbook takers,
Thugs, pimps and pushers, and the big money makers.
Music critics fell over themselves to praise “The Message,” treating it as the poetry of the
streets—as the elite media has characterised hip-hop ever since. The song’s grim fatalism
struck a chord; twice, I’ve heard blacks in audiences for talks on race cite the chorus to
underscore a point about black victimhood. So did the warning it carried: “Don’t push
me, ’cause I’m close to the edge,” menacingly raps Melle Mel. The ultimate message of
“The Message”—that ghetto life is so hopeless that an explosion of violence is both
justified and imminent—would become a hip-hop mantra in the years ahead.
The angry, oppositional stance that “The Message” reintroduced into black popular
culture transformed rap from a fad into a multi-billion-dollar industry that sold more than
80 million records in the U.S. in 2002—nearly 13 percent of all recordings sold. To rap
producers like Russell Simmons, earlier black pop was just sissy music. He despised the
“soft, unaggressive music (and non-threatening images)” of artists like Michael Jackson
or Luther Vandross. “So the first chance I got,” he says, “I did exactly the opposite.”
In the two decades since “The Message,” hip-hop performers have churned out countless
rap numbers that celebrate a ghetto life of unending violence and criminality. Schooly D’s
“PSK What Does It Mean?” is a case in point:
Copped my pistols, jumped into the ride.
Got at the bar, copped some flack,
Copped some cheeba-cheeba, it wasn’t wack.
Got to the place, and who did I see?
A sucka-ass nigga tryin to sound like me.
Put my pistol up against his head—
I said, “Sucka-ass nigga, I should shoot you dead.”
The protagonist of a rhyme by KRS-One (a hip-hop star who would later speak out
against rap violence) actually pulls the trigger:
Knew a drug dealer by the name of Peter—
Had to buck him down with my 9 millimetre.
Police forces became marauding invaders in the gangsta-rap imagination. The late West
Coast rapper Tupac Shakur expressed the attitude:
Ya gotta know how to shake the snakes, nigga,
’Cause the police love to break a nigga,
Send him upstate ’cause they straight up hate the nigga.
Shakur’s anti-police tirade seems tame, however, compared with Ice-T’s infamous “Cop
Killer”:
I got my black shirt on.
I got my black gloves on.
I got my ski mask on.
This shit’s been too long.
I got my 12-gauge sawed-off.
I got my headlights turned off.
I’m ’bout to bust some shots off.
I’m ’bout to dust some cops off. . . .
I’m ’bout to kill me somethin’
A pig stopped me for nuthin’!
Cop killer, better you than me.
Cop killer, fuck police brutality! . . .
Die, die, die pig, die!
Fuck the police! . . .
Fuck the police yeah!
Rap also began to offer some of the most icily misogynistic music human history has ever
known. Here’s Schooly D again:
Tell you now, brother, this ain’t no joke,
She got me to the crib, she laid me on the bed,
I fucked her from my toes to the top of my head.
I finally realised the girl was a whore,
Gave her ten dollars, she asked me for some more.
Jay-Z’s “Is That Yo Bitch?” mines similar themes:
I don’t love ’em, I fuck ’em.
I don’t chase ’em, I duck ’em.
I replace ’em with another one. . . .
She be all on my dick.
Or, as N.W.A. (an abbreviation of “Niggers with Attitude”) tersely sums up the hip-hop
worldview: “Life ain’t nothin’ but bitches and money.”
Rap’s musical accompaniment mirrors the brutality of rap lyrics in its harshness and
repetition. Simmons fashions his recordings in contempt for euphony. “What we used for
melody was implied melody, and what we used for music was sounds—beats, scratches,
stuff played backward, nothing pretty or sweet.” The success of hip-hop has resulted in
an ironic reversal. In the seventies, screaming hard rock was in fashion among young
whites, while sweet, sinuous funk and soul ruled the black airwaves—a difference I was
proud of. But in the eighties, rock quieted down, and black music became the assault on
the ears and soul. Anyone who grew up in urban America during the eighties won’t soon
forget the young men strolling down streets, blaring this sonic weapon from their boom
boxes, with defiant glares daring anyone to ask them to turn it down.
Hip-hop exploded into popular consciousness at the same time as the music video, and
rappers were soon all over MTV, reinforcing in images the ugly world portrayed in rap
lyrics. Video after video features rap stars flashing jewelry, driving souped-up cars,
sporting weapons, angrily gesticulating at the camera, and cavorting with
interchangeable, mindlessly gyrating, scantily clad women.
Of course, not all hip-hop is belligerent or profane—entire CDs of gang-bangin’, police-
baiting, woman-bashing invective would get old fast to most listeners. But it’s the
nastiest rap that sells best, and the nastiest cuts that make a career. As I write, the top
ten best-selling hip-hop recordings are 50 Cent (currently with the second-best-selling
record in the nation among all musical genres), Bone Crusher, Lil’ Kim, Fabolous, Lil’ Jon
and the East Side Boyz, Cam’ron Presents the Diplomats, Busta Rhymes, Scarface, Mobb
Deep, and Eminem. Every one of these groups or performers personifies willful, staged
opposition to society—Lil’ Jon and crew even regale us with a song called “Don’t Give a
Fuck”—and every one celebrates the ghetto as “where it’s at.” Thus, the occasional dutiful
songs in which a rapper urges men to take responsibility for their kids or laments
senseless violence are mere garnish. Keeping the thug front and center has become the
quickest and most likely way to become a star.
No hip-hop luminary has worked harder than Sean “P. Diddy” Combs, the wildly
successful rapper, producer, fashion mogul, and CEO of Bad Boy Records, to cultivate a
gangsta image—so much so that he’s blurred the line between playing the bad boy and
really being one. Combs may have grown up middle-class in Mount Vernon, New York,
and even have attended Howard University for a while, but he’s proven he can gang-bang
with the worst. Cops charged Combs with possession of a deadly weapon in 1995. In
1999, he faced charges for assaulting a rival record executive. Most notoriously, police
charged him that year with firing a gun at a nightclub in response to an insult, injuring
three bystanders, and with fleeing the scene with his entourage (including then-pal
Jennifer “J. Lo” Lopez). Combs got off, but his young rapper prot&#eacute;g#é Jamal
“Shyne” Barrow went to prison for firing the gun.
Combs and his crew are far from alone among rappers in keeping up the connection
between “rap and rap sheet,” as critic Kelefa Sanneh artfully puts it. Several prominent
rappers, including superstar Tupac Shakur, have gone down in hails of bullets—with other
rappers often suspected in the killings. Death Row Records producer Marion “Suge”
Knight just finished a five-year prison sentence for assault and federal weapons
violations. Current rage 50 Cent flaunts his bullet scars in photos; cops recently arrested
him for hiding assault weapons in his car. Of the top ten hip-hop sellers mentioned
above, five have had scrapes with the law. In 2000, at least five different fights broke out
at the Source Hiphop Awards—intended to be the rap industry’s Grammys. The final
brawl, involving up to 100 people in the audience and spilling over onto the stage, shut
the ceremony down—right after a video tribute to slain rappers. Small wonder a popular
rap website goes by the name rapsheet.com.
Many fans, rappers, producers, and intellectuals defend hip-hop’s violence, both real and
imagined, and its misogyny as a revolutionary cry of frustration from disempowered
youth. For Simmons, gangsta raps “teach listeners something about the lives of the
people who create them and remind them that these people exist.” 50 Cent recently told
Vibe magazine, “Mainstream America can look at me and say, ‘That’s the mentality of a
young man from the ’hood.’ ” University of Pennsylvania black studies professor Michael
Eric Dyson has written a book-length paean to Shakur, praising him for “challenging
narrow artistic visions of black identity” and for “artistically exploring the attractions and
limits of black moral and social subcultures”—just one of countless fawning treatises on
rap published in recent years. The National Council of Teachers of English, recommending
the use of hip-hop lyrics in urban public school classrooms (as already happens in schools
in Oakland, Los Angeles, and other cities), enthuses that “hip-hop can be used as a
bridge linking the seemingly vast span between the streets and the world of academics.”
But we’re sorely lacking in imagination if in 2003—long after the civil rights revolution
proved a success, at a time of vaulting opportunity for African Americans, when blacks
find themselves at the top reaches of society and politics—we think that it signals
progress when black kids rattle off violent, sexist, nihilistic, lyrics, like Russians reciting
Pushkin. Some defended blaxploitation pictures as revolutionary, too, but the passage of
time has exposed the silliness of such a contention. “The message of Sweetback is that if
you can get it together and stand up to the Man, you can win,” Van Peebles once told an
interviewer. But win what? All Sweetback did, from what we see in the movie, was avoid
jail—and it would be nice to have more useful counsel on overcoming than “kicking the
Man’s ass.” Claims about rap’s political potential will look equally gestural in the future.
How is it progressive to describe life as nothing but “bitches and money”? Or to tell
impressionable black kids, who’d find every door open to them if they just worked hard
and learned, that blowing a rival’s head off is “real”? How helpful is rap’s sexism in a
community plagued by rampant illegitimacy and an excruciatingly low marriage rate?
The idea that rap is an authentic cry against oppression is all the sillier when you recall
that black Americans had lots more to be frustrated about in the past but never produced
or enjoyed music as nihilistic as 50 Cent or N.W.A. On the contrary, black popular music
was almost always affirmative and hopeful. Nor do we discover music of such violence in
places of great misery like Ethiopia or the Congo—unless it’s imported American hip-hop.
Given the hip-hop world’s reflexive alienation, it’s no surprise that its explicit political
efforts, such as they are, are hardly progressive. Simmons has founded the “Hip-Hop
Summit Action Network” to bring rap stars and fans together in order to forge a “bridge
between hip-hop and politics.” But HSAN’s policy positions are mostly tired bromides.
Sticking with the long-discredited idea that urban schools fail because of inadequate
funding from the stingy, racist white Establishment, for example, HSAN joined forces with
the teachers’ union to protest New York mayor Bloomberg’s proposed education budget
for its supposed lack of generosity. HSAN has also stuck it to President Bush for invading
Iraq. And it has vociferously protested the affixing of advisory labels on rap CDs that
warn parents about the obscene language inside. Fighting for rappers’ rights to
obscenity: that’s some kind of revolution!
Okay, maybe rap isn’t progressive in any meaningful sense, some observers will admit;
but isn’t it just a bunch of kids blowing off steam and so nothing to worry about? I think
that response is too easy. With music videos, DVD players, Walkmans, the Internet,
clothes, and magazines all making hip-hop an accompaniment to a person’s entire
existence, we need to take it more seriously. In fact, I would argue that it is seriously
harmful to the black community.
The rise of nihilistic rap has mirrored the breakdown of community norms among inner-
city youth over the last couple of decades. It was just as gangsta rap hit its stride that
neighbourhood elders began really to notice that they’d lost control of young black men,
who were frequently drifting into lives of gang violence and drug dealing. Well into the
seventies, the ghetto was a shabby part of town, where, despite unemployment and
rising illegitimacy, a healthy number of people were doing their best to “keep their heads
above water,” as the theme song of the old black sitcom Good Times put it.
By the eighties, the ghetto had become a ruleless war zone, where black people were
their own worst enemies. It would be silly, of course, to blame hip-hop for this sad
downward spiral, but by glamorising life in the “war zone,” it has made it harder for many
of the kids stuck there to extricate themselves. Seeing a privileged star like Sean Combs
behave like a street thug tells those kids that there’s nothing more authentic than ghetto
pathology, even when you’ve got wealth beyond imagining.
The attitude and style expressed in the hip-hop “identity” keeps blacks down. Almost all
hip-hop, gangsta or not, is delivered with a cocky, confrontational cadence that is fast
becoming—as attested to by the rowdies at KFC—a common speech style among young
black males. Similarly, the arm-slinging, hand-hurling gestures of rap performers have
made their way into many young blacks’ casual gesticulations, becoming integral to their
self-expression. The problem with such speech and mannerisms is that they make
potential employers wary of young black men and can impede a young black’s ability to
interact comfortably with co-workers and customers. The black community has gone
through too much to sacrifice upward mobility to the passing kick of an adversarial hip-
hop “identity.”
On a deeper level, there is something truly unsettling and tragic about the fact that
blacks have become the main agents in disseminating debilitating—dare I say racist—
images of themselves. Rap guru Russell Simmons claims that “the coolest stuff about
American culture—be it language, dress, or attitude—comes from the underclass. Always
has and always will.” Yet back in the bad old days, blacks often complained—with some
justification—that the media too often depicted blacks simply as uncivilised. Today, even
as television and films depict blacks at all levels of success, hip-hop sends the message
that blacks are . . . uncivilised. I find it striking that the cry-racism crowd doesn’t
condemn it.
For those who insist that even the invisible structures of society reinforce racism, the
burden of proof should rest with them to explain just why hip-hop’s bloody and sexist
lyrics and videos and the criminal behaviour of many rappers wouldn’t have a powerfully
negative effect upon whites’ conception of black people.
Sadly, some black leaders just don’t seem to care what lesson rap conveys. Consider
Savannah’s black high schools, which hosted the local rapper Camoflauge as a guest
speaker several times before his murder earlier this year. Here’s a representative lyric:
Gimme tha keys to tha car, I’m ready for war.
When we ride on these niggas smoke that ass like a ’gar.
Hit your block with a Glock, clear the set with a Tech . . . .
You think I’m jokin, see if you laughing when tha pistol be smokin—
Leave you head split wide open
And you bones get broken. . . .
More than a few of the Concerned Black People inviting this “artist” to speak to the
impressionable youth of Savannah would presumably be the first to cry out about “how
whites portray blacks in the media.”
Far from decrying the stereotypes rampant in rap’s present-day blaxploitation, many hip-
hop defenders pull the “whitey-does-it-too” trick. They point to the Godfather movies or
The Sopranos as proof that violence and vulgarity are widespread in American popular
culture, so that singling out hip-hop for condemnation is simply bigotry. Yet such a
defence is pitifully weak. No one really looks for a way of life to emulate or a political
project to adopt in The Sopranos. But for many of its advocates, hip-hop, with its
fantasies of revolution and community and politics, is more than entertainment. It forms
a bedrock of young black identity.
Nor will it do to argue that hip-hop isn’t “black” music, since most of its buyers are white,
or because the “hip-hop revolution” is nominally open to people of all colours. That
whites buy more hip-hop recordings than blacks do is hardly surprising, given that whites
vastly outnumber blacks nationwide. More to the point, anyone who claims that rap isn’t
black music will need to reconcile that claim with the widespread wariness among blacks
of white rappers like Eminem, accused of “stealing our music and giving it back to us.”
At 2 AM on the New York subway not long ago, I saw another scene—more dispiriting
than my KFC encounter with the rowdy rapping teens—that captures the essence of rap’s
destructiveness. A young black man entered the car and began to rap loudly—profanely,
arrogantly—with the usual wild gestures. This went on for five irritating minutes. When
no one paid attention, he moved on to another car, all the while spouting his doggerel.
This was what this young black man presented as his message to the world—his oratory,
if you will.
Anyone who sees such behaviour as a path to a better future—anyone, like Professor
Dyson, who insists that hip-hop is an urgent “critique of a society that produces the need
for the thug persona”—should step back and ask himself just where, exactly, the civil
rights–era blacks might have gone wrong in lacking a hip-hop revolution. They created
the world of equality, striving, and success I live and thrive in.
A majority of manifestations spawned by Hip-hop create nothing and act like a
destructive force.
End note: a further elaboration on the negative impacts of the ethnic industries (and
solutions to solve them) is found in book 3 of this compendium under the name: “The
destructive forces of the diversity/ multiculturalist industry, comments and solutions”.
2.68 How the West Lost the Cold War
By Fjordman
“The world has always belonged to the stronger, and will belong to them for many years to
come. Men only respect those who make themselves respected. Whoever becomes a lamb
will find a wolf to eat him. “
Vilfredo Pareto
The girlfriend of a politician from the Sweden Democrats, a small party critical of mass
immigration, was recently attacked[1] at her home outside Stockholm. The young
woman was found bound with duct tape[2] in the apartment block where she lives with
Martin Kinnunen, chairman of the youth wing of the SD. Three men had forced their way
into the couple’s apartment and held the 19-year-old at knife point. Kinnunen tells of
several threats and anonymous phone calls to the family. He blames the media[3] for
systematically portraying the SD as monsters and thus for legitimising aggression against
them, and claims that the Swedish democracy is a sham.
Antifascistisk Aktion[4], a group that supposedly fights against “racists,” openly brag
about numerous physical attacks against persons with their full name and address
published on their website. Only a week after this group harassed a Swedish judge[5]
and vandalised his house, members demonstrated alongside the Swedish police, the
Swedish government[6] and the Swedish media establishment during Pride Week,
Stockholm’s annual gay celebration, in August 2007. At the very end of the Pride Parade
marched a group of black-clothed and masked representatives of AFA[7]. Adjacent to
them marched a number of policemen, including members of the Swedish Gay Police
organisation.
At their website[8], AFA claim to have beaten several homophobes during the event, at
least one of whom ended up in a hospital. They are Socialists, and as Socialists they are
convinced that progress can only be made through struggle, and it is implicit that they
mean violent struggle: “If we want to fight against capitalism, the working class needs to
be united, and in order to be so intolerance cannot be tolerated. However, if we want to
fight against intolerance we have to defeat capitalism as an extension of that struggle.
Hence anti-fascism, feminism and the struggle against homophobia go hand in hand with
the class struggle!”
According to Politikerbloggen[9], AFA have produced a manual about how to use violence
in order to paralyze and hurt their opponents, and they encourage their members to
study it closely. Meanwhile, senior members of law enforcement are too busy waving
plastic penises to care. It’s all for tolerance, and then there is this small group at the
back, behind the police, the media and the cultural and political establishment, ready to
assault, beat up and hospitalise anybody deemed to be insufficiently tolerant.
Several of the Centre Party’s[10] offices were vandalised before the elections in 2006 in
protest against a proposal for new labour agreements. This was done by a coalition of
left-wing extremists calling themselves the Invisible Party[11]. AFA participated, as they
proudly proclaim[12] on their website. The centre-right coalition government which
gained power that year consists of four parties including the Centre Party. A year later,
representatives from this government walked alongside the same group which had
attacked their offices a few months earlier.
Broderskapsrörelsen[13] (“The Brotherhood”), an organisation of Christian members of
the Swedish Social Democratic Party, has decided[14] to establish a network for people
of other faiths, which largely seems to mean Muslims. Its leader Peter Weiderud says that
“I’m incredibly happy that a unanimous congress now leaves the door open for Muslims
and others to work together with us in the Brotherhood; this is going to enrich us all and
help the [Social Democratic] Party to better influence the Swedish society.” For
Abdulkader Habib, active within the Muslim Brotherhood, the decision is a historic step
which shows that the dividing lines in society do not go between religions, but within
religions: “Faith and politics are intertwined for many Muslims, which is why the decision
to create this network is a key to the crucial work for integration that we need to do.”
“We shouldn’t disregard the importance of people’s [religious] faith,” says deputy leader
Cecilia Dalman-Eek. “At the same time, this is both instructive and inspiring for us
Christians within the Brotherhood. This is about an exciting growth of new mass
movements and is a part of the new Sweden.”
The Social Democrat Ola Johansson, a member of the Brotherhood, has referred to the
book Social Justice in Islam by Sayyid Qutb, the notorious Muslim Brotherhood member
who has become the spiritual guide for Islamic Jihad terrorists worldwide, as a proof that
Muslims support the welfare state and can thus make common cause with the Socialists.
According to writer Nima Sanandaji[15], the Social Democrats have started fishing for
votes with the help of radical Muslims clergies such as the influential leader Mahmoud
Aldebe. In 1999, Aldebe proposed that sharia, Islamic law, be introduced in Sweden. In
2003 he involved himself in a heated debate regarding an incident of honour killing
where a Kurdish girl was murdered by her two uncles. Aldebe forcefully defended the
perpetrators and viewed the debate regarding honour-related murders as an attack
against the Islamic religion.
In 2006, the Muslim Association of Sweden demanded in a letter, signed by its leader
Mahmoud Aldebe, separate family laws regulating marriage and divorce, public schools
with imams teaching homogeneous classes of Muslims children their religion and the
language of their original homeland, and a “mosque in every municipality to be built
through interest-free loans made available by the local municipalities.” This to
demonstrate “Islam’s right to exist in Sweden” and to “heighten the status of and respect
towards Muslims.” The demands were rejected by the Social Democrats then, but it now
appears as if they have recognised that they need to cooperate with the fast-growing
Muslim community if they want to regain power, so we shouldn’t be surprised to see calls
for the use of sharia law in family matters by an otherwise officially feminist party.
The Social Democrats narrowly lost the elections in 2006, and appear to have decided
that the way to regain and maintain power is to import voters, a strategy adopted by
many of their sister parties[16] in Western Europe. The Muslim Association of Sweden is
generally viewed as ideologically inspired by the Muslim Brotherhood.
The current leader of the Social Democrats, Mona Sahlin[17], thinks that “the Sweden
Democrats are a right-wing party. It is a misogynistic and xenophobic party.” The “party
is a threat to a Sweden that I believe many of us love — an open, unprejudiced and
tolerant Sweden.”
Whatever else one thinks about that party, I’m not so sure the Muslim Brotherhood are
less “misogynistic.” According to journalist Kurt Lundgren[18], Sahlin, expected to
become the next Prime Minister, was a participant in the Pride Festival where she was
graduated, after several questions, to the F***ing Medal Award. Has she given some
thought to what effect this will have in a country with exploding rape statistics[19]?
According to the blogger Dick Erixon[20], the number of reported rapes in Sweden is now
three times as high as in New York. NY has roughly the same number of inhabitants, but
it is a metropolis, whereas Sweden is a country with mostly rural areas and villages.
Swedish girls are called “infidel whores” on a regular basis and are increasingly scared to
go outside, yet the nation’s arguably most powerful woman takes the F***ing Medal
Award. How will that be perceived by Muslim immigrants?
Moreover, how will her views on sexual liberation be reconciled with her party’s
cooperation with the Muslim Brotherhood, since several of its senior international
leaders[21] have indicated that gays should be killed? The Swedish Church has recently
announced that it will allow gay couples to marry in church. Will Sahlin and the Social
Democrats also make sure that gay couples should be allowed to marry in mosques
controlled by the MB? More interestingly, will AFA attack them for homophobia if they
refuse?
Marcos Cantera Carlomagno in 1995 published a PhD thesis at Lund University describing
a series of letters sent by Per Albin Hansson[22], leader of the Social Democrats and
Prime Minister between 1932 and 1946, who worked for the establishment of
“Folkhemmet,” the People’s Home, as the Swedish welfare state model became known as.
Hansson was a dear pen pal with Italy’s Fascist leader Mussolini and praised the
corporate, Fascist system where the entire economy and each individual were intimately
tied to and subordinate to the state. Hansson was positively disposed to Fascism and saw
his welfare state as a related concept. After mentioning his work in a local newspaper,
Carlomagno was called by his supervisor who stated in anger that his scholarship would
be cut off. Carlomagno’s work was totally ignored by the entire media and political
establishment in Sweden when it appeared in the 1990s.
Why did this information meet with such repression? Because the power of the political
and cultural establishment is not based on reasoned discussion but on shaming
opponents and branding them as evil with words loaded with emotions and taboo. Terms
such as “racist”, “Fascist”, and “Nazi” automatically shut down any rational discussion of a
subject. The irony is that a similar strategy was employed with great success by.....the
Nazis.
Adolf Hitler described how to use “spiritual terror” to intimidate and silence opponents, a
technique he learned from watching the Socialists and the Social Democrats. He
understood “the infamous spiritual terror which this movement exerts, particularly on the
bourgeoisie, which is neither morally nor mentally equal to such attacks; at a given sign
it unleashes a veritable barrage of lies and slanders against whatever adversary seems
most dangerous, until the nerves of the attacked persons break down and, just to have
peace again, they sacrifice the hated individual… Conversely, they praise every weakling
on the opposing side, sometimes cautiously, sometimes loudly, depending on the real or
supposed quality of his intelligence.”
In 2006, the newspaper Dagens Nyheter reported that following recommendations from
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, priests in the Swedish Church[23] applied German race
laws from 1937 onwards. According to Lund University’s Professor Anders Jarlert, who led
the research, any Swede who wanted to marry an Aryan German was forced to sign an
affirmation stating that none of the German’s grandparents were Jewish. History
Professor Stig Ekman told DN that Sweden’s culture of silence and secrecy is one reason
why this is appearing only now, generations later. In 1937, the Swedish government was
controlled by the Social Democrats, yet despite this evidence that they applied Nazi race
laws, party members still get away with denouncing critics of their immigration policies
as neo-Nazis, racists or Fascists.
In the book The New Totalitarians, the British historian Roland Huntford in the early
1970s pointed out that Socialist professor Gunnar Myrdal and his wife Alva, both highly
influential ideologists in developing the Swedish welfare state, had intimate connections
with the German academic world during the Nazi age. Gunnar Myrdal served as both a
member of parliament and later as a government minister for the Social Democrats
during this period. According to Huntford: “The professor was then a Nazi sympathiser,
publicly describing Nazism as the movement of youth and the movement of the future. In
Myrdal’s defence, it must be pointed out that, whatever his other propensities, Hitler did
have advanced ideas on social welfare, and that the social ideology of the German Nazis
and the Swedish Social Democrats had much in common. Until the mid 1930s, Nazism
had considerable attractions for those who favoured a benevolent and authoritarian
state.”
Gunnar and Alva Myrdal promoted the idea of positive eugenics and forced sterilisation
programs against those with “weak genes.” This started in Sweden even before Nazi
Germany, and it continued longer.
The Nazis called themselves national Socialists, and they took the Socialist component of
their ideology quite seriously[24]. They never nationalised all assets of production as the
Communists did. They left nominal ownership in private hands, but production was in
reality controlled by the state[25]. The Nazis were thus to the left, economically,
compared to many of the labour parties in Western Europe today. As Adolf Hitler stated in
1927: “We are Socialists, enemies, mortal enemies of the present capitalist economic
system with its exploitation of the economically weak, with its injustice in wages, with its
immoral evaluation of individuals according to wealth and money instead of responsibility
and achievement, and we are determined under all circumstances to abolish this
system!”
The Muslim Brotherhood were also fans of the European Fascist and Nazi movements in
the 1930s, as they are of welfare state[26] Socialism now. In Origins of Fascism,
historian Walter Laqueur notes similarities between Islam and Nazism: “A German
Catholic émigré writer Edgar Alexander (Edgar Alexander Emmerich) published an
interesting work in 1937 in Switzerland entitled The Hitler Mythos (which was translated
into English and reprinted after World War Two) in which he compared National Socialism
with ‘Mohammedanism’ (...) He referred frequently to Hitler’s ‘Mohammedanism’ but
made it clear that this referred only to external organisational forms (whatever this
meant), to mass psychological effects and militant fanaticism. Alexander believed that
Mohammed’s religion was based on sincere religious fanaticism (combined with political
impulses) whereas Hitler’s (political) religion and its fanaticism had different sources.”
In Laqueur’s view, Fascism was less monolithic than Communism, as there were
significant differences in theory and practice from country to country. The French Marxist
Orientalist Maxime Rodinson wrote a polemic against the influential philosopher and
fellow left-winger Michel Foucault who welcomed the Islamic Revolution in Iran. According
to Rodinson, Khomeini and Islamic groups such as the Muslim Brotherhood constituted a
form of “archaic fascism.” Ibn Warraq[27] has used an outline of the Fascist ideology
made by Italian novelist Umberto Eco and found that most of its defining hallmarks are
shared by Islam.
German sociologist Theodor Adorno was a member of the Frankfurt School and was
influenced by Georg Lukács, one of Gramsci’s fellow cultural Marxists. The Authoritarian
Personality, a book carrying Adorno’s name but in reality produced by the combined
efforts of a number of people from the Frankfurt School, was extremely influential in the
United States in the generation following WW2 and contributed to the Allied
denazification program in Germany. Working at the University of Berkeley, California,
during and after the war, Adorno and others such as the German-Jewish thinker Max
Horkheimer through a large number of interviews tried to establish that what led to the
rise of Nazi Germany was the predominance of a particular kind of authoritarian
personality, which happened to be closely tied to conservative viewpoints. In their view,
this was not just the case in Nazi Germany; there were large numbers of potential
Fascists all over the Western world.
The authors developed the so-called F-scale (F for “Fascist”) to measure the
psychological indicators of an authoritarian personality. They identified several key
dimensions of a protofascist personality, which included favoring traditional morality,
close family ties and strong support of religion. It also included aggression, stereotypes,
a preoccupation with oppression, dominance and destruction and an obsession with sex.
The solution to root out this authoritarian personality was above all to be found in the
breakdown and transformation of the traditional family structure..
It is striking to notice that these writers were inspired by a Marxist worldview and
consistently refused to see the heavy Socialist influences on the Nazi ideology. Adorno
and others argued that “late capitalism” had developed tools to resist the rise of a
Socialist society, above all the use of popular culture and education. They apparently
concluded that what led to the rise of the Nazis were traditional and “conservative”
viewpoints.
But the Nazis weren’t conservatives. They should more properly be understood as a
revolutionary Socialist movement, albeit one with powerful racialist and anti-Semitic
overtones. Judging from the death toll produced by Socialist regimes both prior to and
after them, it is tempting to conclude that the destruction brought by the Nazis owed at
least as much to the Socialist as to the nationalist element of their ideology. The Origins
of Totalitarianism by Hannah Arendt, published in 1951, a year after The Authoritarian
Personality, was somewhat closer to understanding the commonalities between the
Soviet Union and Nazi Germany.
However, since the Nazis have by now been dubbed a “far-right” movement, anybody
considered to be a “right-winger” or conservative is thus supposedly closer to them than
Socialists are, which automatically makes them suspect. Much of the power of the
political Left throughout the West is based on such guilt-by-association, which is why it
would be a disaster for their power base if it were to be demonstrated that the Swedish
Social Democrats, the darlings of the political Left internationally, were close to the
Fascists and the Nazis. They now display great affection for Islam, another thing they
have in common with the Nazis.
Many of the stories in the famous The Book of One Thousand and One Nights[28]
(Arabian Nights), though frequently based on much older Persian and Indian tales, are
said to have taken place during the rule of the Abbasid caliph Harun al-Rashid in Baghdad
in the late 8th and early 9th century. Few seem to remember that the first prototype of
the yellow badge for Jews employed by the Nazis were developed by him, based on the
regulations for dhimmis in Islamic teachings. He ordered Jews to wear yellow belts,
Christians blue belts. This practice was later imported to Europe via medieval Spain and
Portugal under Islamic rule.
Muhammad Amin al-Husayni[29], the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem, Arab nationalist leader, a
leading force behind the establishment of the Arab League and a spiritual father of the
PLO, was a close collaborator with Nazi Germany and personally met with Adolf Hitler. In
a radio broadcast from Berlin he called upon Muslims to kill Jews wherever they could
find them. Dieter Wisliceny was the deputy of Adolf Eichmann, the organiser of the
Holocaust and reportedly the inventor of the phrase the “Final Solution to the Jewish
Question.” During the Nuremberg trials, Wisliceny stated that the Mufti “was one of
Eichmann’s best friends and had constantly incited him to accelerate the extermination
measures. I heard him say, accompanied by Eichmann, he had visited incognito the gas
chambers of Auschwitz.”
Serge Trifkovic in his book The Sword of the Prophet documents how al-Husayni recruited
Bosnian and Albanian Muslims for Waffen SS units in the Balkans[30]. Yugoslavia wanted
to extradite al-Husayni for war crimes after WW2, but he fled to Egypt and continued his
war against Jews. Orthodox Christian Serbs had to wear blue armbands, Jews yellow
armbands. This clearly demonstrates that for Muslims this was a Jihad against
disobedient dhimmis, and thus a continuation of the Turkish and Kurdish genocide
against Armenians a few years earlier which was one of the inspirations for the
Holocaust. More than a quarter of a million Serbs, Jews and Romani people (Gypsies)
were killed by these Muslims troops. The leader of the Nazi SS troops Heinrich Himmler
was impressed and stated to Propaganda Minister Josef Goebbels that Islam was “a very
practical and attractive religion for soldiers.”
He was far from the only person seeing a close correlation between Nazism and Islam.
Karl Jung[31], in The Symbolic Life from 1939, stated that: “We do not know whether
Hitler is going to found a new Islam. (He is already on the way; he is like Mohammad.
The emotion in Germany is Islamic; warlike and Islamic. They are all drunk with wild
god). That can be the historic future.” In The Second World War, Vol. I (The Gathering
Storm), Winston Churchill wrote about Adolf Hitler’s autobiography Mein Kampf: “Here
was the new Koran of faith and war: turgid, verbose, shapeless, but pregnant with its
message.”
Medieval anti-Jewish pogroms in Europe could be brutal, but still normally of limited
scope. To commit evil on a truly monumental scale, you need the support of ideology
backed by bureaucrats, jurists and the machinery of a totalitarian state. Since Socialism
generally leads in a totalitarian direction, which has also been facilitated by technological
and industrial advances, a Socialist society will make large-scale massacres more likely..
The Hungarian author Imre Kertész[32], Holocaust survivor and winner of the Nobel Prize
in Literature, writes in the magazine signandsight.com[33] that “the genuine novelties of
the twentieth century were the totalitarian state and Auschwitz. The anti-Semitism of the
nineteenth century, for instance, was as yet barely able, nor even would have wished, to
imagine a Final Solution. Auschwitz, therefore, cannot be accounted for by the common-
or-garden, archaic, not to say classical concepts of anti-Semitism. (...) Eichmann testified
during his trial in Jerusalem that he was never an anti-Semite, and although those who
were in the courtroom burst into laughter, it is not inconceivable that he was being
truthful. In order to murder millions of Jews the totalitarian state had need, in the final
analysis, not so much of anti-Semites as good organisers. We need to see clearly that no
totalitarianism of party or state can exist without discrimination, and the totalitarian form
of discrimination is necessarily mass murder.”
Kertész also warns, timely in these Multicultural days, that “a civilisation that does not
clearly proclaim its values, or which leaves these proclaimed values high and dry, is
stepping on the path to perdition and terminal debility. Then others will pronounce their
values, and in the mouths of these others they will no longer be values but just so many
pretexts for untrammelled power, untrammelled destruction.”
Following the Cold War, the West was stuck with a large fifth column[34] in our media
and academia of people who were disappointed after the sudden collapse of the
alternative to capitalism. They are slaves emancipated against their will, desperately in
search of a new master. Their hatred for the Established Order never subsided when
Marxism suffered a blow to its credibility. On the contrary, on some levels it increased.
Although their attacks on the Christian, capitalist West are less ideologically coherent
than in the past, this does not make them any less passionate.
They have decided to pursue the course of a gradual transformation of society through
the education system and through destroying the family structure. The radicals have
renewed hope of a violent upheaval. With the mass importation of Muslims, who have
displayed such a wonderful talent for violence, and with rising ethnic tensions within the
West, maybe they can finally get the armed revolution they were longing for.
The Swedish Social Democrats were pro-Fascist and pro-Nazi during the 1930s and 40s,
appeased the Communists during the Cold War and cooperate with repressive and violent
Islamic organisations today. They have consistently supported or appeased some of the
worst societies and ideologies in human history, which between themselves have killed
more than 150 million people in a few generations. Yet they are the good guys, the
poster boys of the political Left throughout the world.
Now they forge an alliance with the Muslim Brotherhood, another organisation with close
ideological ties to the Fascist and Nazi movements. At a time when native Swedes are
raped, stabbed, killed and chased out[35] of their homes by Muslim gangs, the Social
Democrats agree to continue allowing Muslims to colonise the country in exchange for
their votes. In the old days this would be called treason. Now it’s called tolerance. It’s
remarkable how similar the two concepts have become. Two Fascist-inspired movements
cooperate on exploiting and abusing the native population of a country, force them fund
and applaud their own colonisation and denounce them as bigots, racists and Fascists if
they resist. The strategy is as brilliant as it is evil.
Why do they get away with this? How come Socialists can stab their own people in the
back, ally themselves openly with some of the most violent and repressive movements
on earth and still manage to portray themselves as beacons of goodness? I am tempted
to agree with former Soviet dissident Vladimir Bukovsky[36]: The West didn’t win the
Cold War, at least not as decisively as we should have done. The belief-system we were
up against has been allowed to mutate and regain some of its former strength[37]. We
haven’t defeated Socialism until we stage a Nuremberg trial and demonstrate clearly that
the suffering, repression and massacres caused by Socialist regimes from Vietnam via
the Ukraine to the Baltic were a direct result of Socialist doctrines.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/08/how-west-lost-cold-war.html
1. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/08/afa-attacks.html
2. http://www.thelocal.se/8201/
3. http://www.politikerbloggen.se/2007/08/16/5889
4. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/08/antifascistisk-aktion.html
5. http://www.thelocal.se/8043/
6. http://www.thelocal.se/8096/
7. http://www.aqurette.com/journal/2007/08/violent-gang-br.html
8. http://www.antifa.se/index.php?p=1&id=165
9. http://www.politikerbloggen.se/2007/08/06/5419/#more-5419
10. http://www.thelocal.se/article.php?ID=3565
11. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Invisible_Party
12. http://www.antifa.se/index.php?p=1&id=139
13. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2306
14. http://www.broderskap.se/index.aspx?site=broderskap.se&page=nyheter&postid=524
15. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=86EB8647-47BB-40DA-917A-1E5BD44EA35B
16. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/011610.php
17. http://www.thelocal.se/7057/
18. http://46.951.7.437plusf19:ZLdgrly387716981091ХЋ
http://webmail.moonstar.com/index.cgi?
NOFRAMES=TRUE&BACKGROUND=http://kurtlundgren.webblogg.se/1186429870_knullborgarmrket_fr_e.html
http://48.597.7.722subf96:HHlmjkc956368426722ФК
19. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/12/immigrant-rape-wave-in-sweden.html
20. http://www.erixon.com/2/blogg070826.htm#8
21. http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3263653,00.html
22. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1862
23. http://www.thelocal.se/3464/
24. http://www.mises.org/story/1937
25. http://democracyreform.blogspot.com/2007/08/why-are-worst-mass-murderers-from-left.html
26. http://memri.org/bin/articles.cgi?Page=archives&Area=sd&ID=SP98805
27. http://www.islam-watch.org/IbnWarraq/Fascism.htm
28. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Book_of_One_Thousand_and_One_Nights
29. http://www.militantislammonitor.org/article/id/2543
30. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID={2F3D0002-45DD-48C3-8EEF-E1ECA1DA52A8}
31. http://www.americanthinker.com/blog/2007/02/jung_on_hitler_and_islam.html
32. http://www.signandsight.com/features/1382.html
33. http://signandsight.com/
34. http://democracyreform.blogspot.com/2007/08/democracy-and-media-bias-by-fjordman.html
35. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/938
36. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Printable.aspx?GUID={B3EBE5BF-CD12-4168-878D-F705E8C3BB4F}
37. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/06/political-correctness-revenge-of.html
2.69 The Closing of Civilisation in Europe
Europe’s current problems are entirely self-inflicted. This does not mean, however, that
the result will be less catastrophic. By subverting the roots of its own Judeo-Christian
culture – a process that started with the French Enlightenment (as opposed to the
Scottish Enlightenment, which was not anti-religious) – a religious and cultural vacuum
was created at the heart of European civilisation. The collapse of faith in its own values
has, not surprisingly, led to a demographic collapse because a civilisation that no longer
believes in its own future also rejects procreation. Today, a new religion and culture is
supplanting the old one. There is little one can do about it, but hope for a miracle.
America’s immigration problems pale in comparison with what confronts Europe.
America’s major ethnic minorities – Blacks as well as Hispanics – are Christian, while the
meanstream culture is also rooted in Christianity. In Europe a secularised post-Christian
culture is facing a Muslim one. The secularised culture is hedonist and values only its
present life, because it does not believe in an afterlife. This is why it will surrender when
threatened with death because life is the only thing it has to lose. This is why it will
accept submission without fighting for its freedom. Nobody fights for the flag of
hedonism, not even the hedonists themselves.
One could also put it in a slightly different way: Europe lacks what America still has,
namely the so-called “conservative reserves,” or as the German sociologist Arnold Gehlen
explained over 30 years ago, “the reserves in national energy and self-confidence,
primitiveness and generosity, wealth and potential of every kind.” Every so often I travel
to the U.S. to recharge my batteries, and I am not the only European Conservative to do
so. From time to time one needs to breathe the air of freedom before submerging again
in the stifling atmosphere of Europe.
America’s “conservative reserves” are far stronger than Europe’s, because America,
unlike secular Europe, has remained rooted to a larger extent in traditional Christian
values. I do not doubt that if these values continue to decline in the U.S., American
culture will collapse as European culture and civilisation have collapsed. However,
America can learn from the impending European catastrophe, and avoid a similar fate.
The old European civilisation – the pre-secular or the pre-post-Christian one – will live on
in the U.S. If it perishes there too, mankind will relapse into the dark ages that are now
taking hold of Europe, the cradle of Western civilisation.
I suppose one could feel sad about all this, but sadness is not what I feel. One can feel
compassion for those who die in accidents, fall in battle or get murdered (like the
countless unborn children that perish every day) but can one pity those who have killed
their own future for the pleasures of the present? Europe’s predicament, I repeat, is
entirely self-inflicted. Not Islam is to blame. Secularism is.
The coming decade will witness the war between the values of Islam and the secular
“values” of the decadent, hedonistic post-Marxist Left. We have seen the assassinations
of Pim Fortuyn and Theo van Gogh, last November’s prelude to the French civil war, the
Danish cartoon case. This is just the beginning of the beginning. I do not consider myself
a pessimist, merely a realist. It is quite clear who is going to lose – and whose fault that
will be.
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/852
2.70 Give the Nobel Peace Prize to Ayaan Hirsi Ali
Today, Al Gore and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, represented by Dr.
R.K. Pachauri, will receive the Nobel Peace Prize for 2007 in Oslo, Norway. The Peace
Prize has been viewed by many as something of a joke after it was awarded to the
Jihadist Yasser Arafat and to appeasers of Jihad like Jimmy Carter. However, it still
generates a lot of media attention. If the Nobel Committee wants to stay relevant they
need to do some changes. The greatest challenge to world peace right now is not global
warming, it's global Jihad. I therefore suggest that the next Peace Prize should be
awarded to Ayaan Hirsi Ali.
I have had a few minor disagreements with Hirsi Ali in the past, mainly because she has
on some occasions compared Islam to other religions like Christianity and Judaism, which
I believe is wrong. However, her views on this have matured considerably, and because
of her background she has made criticism of Islam acceptable to people who would
otherwise find it difficult to digest the arguments she presents, even though they are
perfectly correct. She is no doubt an extremely courageous person. In spite of death
threats she has never hesitated in pointing out that many of the problems in the Islamic
world are caused by Islam itself. She is an invaluable asset to the fight against global
Jihad and as worthy of the Prize as any other living person.
In my view, the Norwegian Nobel Committee will soon have to make a choice: If they
want the Nobel Peace Prize to be a Global Celebrity Award for Outstanding Achievements
in Political Correctness, they can give the next one to Bono of rock group U2. Or, they
can do something meaningful, something that will actually advance the cause of peace
and human liberty around the world, and award the Nobel Peace Prize for 2008 to Ayaan
Hirsi Ali.
Since members of national assemblies and parliaments can nominate candidates for the
Prize, I hereby challenge MPs from the Progress Party in my country, or MPs from any
infidel nation, to nominate Hirsi Ali. Other alternatives can be mentioned, too. Ibn
Warraq, Ali Sina and Wafa Sultan are all worthy recipients of the Prize for their work and
for championing the rights of one of the most abused and oppressed groups of people on
the planet: Former Muslims who defy the traditional death penalty for leaving Islam.
Or, if the members of the Committee want somebody with a non-Muslim background,
what about Dutch politician Geert Wilders, who has remained steadfast in opposing
Islamisation despite the murders of his countrymen Theo van Gogh and Pim Fortuyn and
the exile of Hirsi Ali? Author Robert Spencer, director of the website Jihad Watch, who
patiently monitors the spread of Jihad terrorism across the world, is another excellent
choice, as is Bat Ye'or, whose unique work on the plight of non-Muslims under Islamic
rule has contributed immensely to our understanding of both the past and the present.
Being Norwegian myself, I would also like to make a suggestion to Norwegian authorities:
Norway is, or at least was the last time I checked, the planet's third largest exporter of
oil, after Saudi Arabia and Russia. If Saudi Arabia, the world's largest exporter of oil,
spends money on promoting Jihad and sharia, is it not fair that Norway, the world's third
largest exporter of oil, should spend a little on combating the same? The Norwegian
Petroleum Fund amounts to hundreds of billions of dollars. Norwegian authorities could
easily create a fund of a billion dollars or more earmarked for the defence of persons
threatened for criticising Islam. That's the least we can do in return for being blessed
with wealth we did very little to earn.
This fund could be called the Theo van Gogh Memorial Fund, the Asma bint Marwan
Memorial Fund after the poetess who was killed by Muhammad's followers 1400 years
ago for mocking Islam, or perhaps the Charles Martel Foundation for Intercultural
Understanding. Most citizens in my country wouldn't even notice if we spent a billion
dollars on this, but such a fund, whatever we choose to call it, could have a big impact on
the lives of people struggling to get their message across or simply to stay alive in the
face of death threats.
It is true that smaller nations cannot win major ideological wars on their own, but that is
no excuse for not doing our share. Israel is also a small nation, yet it has managed to
hold the line against Jihad for decades, and Denmark, the only Scandinavian country with
some spine left, has left its mark, too, in recent years.
We can make a difference. Norway was the fourth-largest shipping nation in the world at
the outbreak of WW2 and was of major importance to the allied convoys in the Atlantic
which kept the war efforts alive. A British publication stated that the Norwegian Merchant
Fleet then was "worth as much to the allied cause as a million soldiers." We are currently
faced with a world war of a different nature, and if we can make contributions that
matter for the outcome of this great struggle for freedom then we should do so. It's time
to make a stand. I would like my country to be remembered for something other than
awarding the Nobel Peace Prize to Yasser Arafat or for sponsoring the Palestinian
government and their terrorist cronies.
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2755
2.71 Nobel Peace Prize Awarded for Appeasement of Jihad… again
By Fjordman
Granting this year’s Nobel Peace Prize to Finnish diplomat Martti Ahtisaari[1], known for
his role in establishing a Jihadist state in Kosovo, makes the Peace Prize even more of a
joke than it already was. Those who want an alternative view on the situation in the
Balkans can read the essays of Serge Trifkovic and his book Defeating Jihad: How the
War on Terrorism Can Be Won — in Spite of Ourselves.
As Chief United Nations negotiator for Kosovo, Ahtisaari caused anger in Serbia when he
stated that “Serbs are guilty as a people,” implying that they would have to pay for it,
possibly by losing Kosovo. It is one thing to criticise the Milosevic regime. It is quite
another thing to claim that “Serbs are guilty as a people.” If anybody in the Balkans can
be called guilty as a people, it is the Turks, not the Serbs. The Turks have left a trail of
blood across much of Europe, Asia Minor, and the Mediterranean for centuries,
culminating in the Armenian genocide in the 20th century, which Turkey still refuses to
acknowledge, let alone apologise for.
As I’ve indicated before, if the Peace Prize is supposed to serve any real purpose, it
needs to be awarded to persons who confront Jihad, not appease it like Martti Ahtisaari
and Jimmy Carter, or promote it like Yasser Arafat:
As I have written previously in “Give the Nobel Peace Prize to Ayaan Hirsi Ali[2]”:
In my view, the Norwegian Nobel Committee will soon have to make a choice: If they
want the Nobel Peace Prize to be a Global Celebrity Award for Outstanding Achievements
in Political Correctness, they can give the next one to Bono of rock group U2. Or, they
can do something meaningful, something that will actually advance the cause of peace
and human liberty around the world, and award the Nobel Peace Prize to Ayaan Hirsi Ali.
Since members of national assemblies and parliaments can nominate candidates for the
Prize, I hereby challenge MPs from the Progress Party in my country, or MPs from any
infidel nation, to nominate Hirsi Ali. Other alternatives can be mentioned, too. Ibn
Warraq, Ali Sina and Wafa Sultan are all worthy recipients of the Prize for their work and
for championing the rights of one of the most abused and oppressed groups of people on
the planet: Former Muslims who defy the traditional death penalty for leaving Islam.
Or, if the members of the Committee want somebody with a non-Muslim background,
what about Dutch politician Geert Wilders, who has remained steadfast in opposing
Islamisation despite the murders of his countrymen Theo van Gogh and Pim Fortuyn and
the exile of Hirsi Ali? Author Robert Spencer, director of the website Jihad Watch, who
patiently monitors the spread of Jihad terrorism across the world, is another excellent
choice, as is Bat Ye’or, whose unique work on the plight of non-Muslims under Islamic
rule has contributed immensely to our understanding of both the past and the present.
Being Norwegian myself, I would also like to make a suggestion to Norwegian authorities:
Norway is, or at least was the last time I checked, the planet’s third largest exporter of
oil, after Saudi Arabia and Russia. If Saudi Arabia, the world’s largest exporter of oil,
spends money on promoting Jihad and sharia, is it not fair that Norway, the world’s third
largest exporter of oil, should spend a little on combating the same? The Norwegian
Petroleum Fund amounts to hundreds of billions of dollars. Norwegian authorities could
easily create a fund of a billion dollars or more earmarked for the defence of persons
threatened for criticising Islam. That’s the least we can do in return for being blessed
with wealth we did very little to earn.
This fund could be called the Theo van Gogh Memorial Fund, the Asma bint Marwan
Memorial Fund after the poetess who was killed by Muhammad’s followers 1400 years
ago for mocking Islam, or perhaps the Charles Martel Foundation for Intercultural
Understanding. Most citizens in my country wouldn’t even notice if we spent a billion
dollars on this, but such a fund, whatever we choose to call it, could have a big impact on
the lives of people struggling to get their message across or simply to stay alive in the
face of death threats.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/10/nobel-peace-prize-awarded-for.html
1. http://www.adnkronos.com/AKI/English/Politics/?id=3.0.2568763782
2. http://www.globalpolitician.com/23884-islamism
2.72 Green is the new Red - Stop Enviro-Communism!
You might know them as environmentalists, enviro-communists, eco-
Marxists, neo-Communists or eco-fanatics. They all claim they want to
save the world from global warming but their true agenda is to
contribute to create a world government lead by the UN or in other
ways increase the transfer of resources (redistribute resources) from
the developed Western world to the third world. They hope to
accomplish this through the distribution of misinformation
(propaganda) which they hope will lead to increased taxation of
already excessively taxed Europeans and US citizens.
The neo-communist agenda uses politicised science to propagate the
global warming scam in order to implement their true agenda; global
Marxism. Marxism’s ultimate goal is to redistribute wealth from
successful nations to failed nations, instead of actually trying to fix
these broken nations. Politicised science is being used by the cultural
Marxist hegemony to manipulate the unsuspecting masses. They are
using our trust and faith in science to spread lies and hysteria that will
allow Marxists to implement socialist “solutions” to a problem that
never actually existed.
To quote one of these UN eco-Marxist elites:
“Isn’t the only hope for the planet that the industrialised civilisations collapse? Isn’t it part
of our responsibility to bring that about?”
This quote was from the opening statement of Maurice Strong in the 1992 ‘Earth Summit’
in Rio de Janeiro. Strong is the first Executive Director of the United Nations Environment
Program (UNEP).
Yuri Bezmenov, former KGB agent and expert on ideological subversion.
“A person who is demoralised is unable to assess true information”
Here are a few more sources indicating the true agenda of the eco-Marxists:
"Environmentalism should be regarded on the same level with religion "as the only
compelling, value-based narrative available to humanity," according to a paper written in
2007 to influence the future strategy of the United Nations Environmental Program (UNEP),
the world's would-be environmental watchdog."[1]
Watch how nations are demoralised for ideological subversion:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_xdBnFPqOI&feature=related
That's exactly what is happening with the Anthropogenic Global Warming scam; too
many people are too demoralised to assess true information about Socialism,
Communism, and climate change to allow its use for other agendas on the hands of the
useful idiots “the leftists” as former KGB agent Yuri Bezmenov calls them.
Enviro-communism is a new twisted idea of redistribution of wealth through
“environmental” policies and the Copenhagen Climate Change Conference 2009 is the
perfect manifestation of it. Environmental Justice is the new Social Justice; Climate Debt
is the new Redistribution of Wealth, Anthropogenic Global Warming scam is the
Communism.
Under current Copenhagen draft treaty, developed countries are expected to fund clean
energy in developing countries, which could result in an annual transfer of almost € 100
billion per year by 2020.[2]
Please see Lord Christopher Monckton's speech:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMe5dOgbu40&feature=player_embedded
PLEASE read the SHOCKING Communist Goals (1963) that already started being
implemented and will be discussed next December in the Copenhagen Climate Change
treaty drafts 2009:
http://www.uhuh.com/nwo/communism/comgoals.htm
Barak Obama received the Nobel Peace prize for exactly the same reason Al Gore did.
The prize is given by Thorbjørn Jagland, Chair of the Nobel Committee who was also the
Vice President of Socialist International. One can think they are pushing a global agenda
of Enviro-Communism or Eco-Marxism that will force Europe and the US to cater for the
global Eco-Marxist agenda. Their end goal is to “punish” European countries (US
included) for capitalism and success.
The Marxist agenda of the Climate Change Conference 2009 was to discuss the
totalitarian idea of World Government, transfer of wealth from Western countries to 3rd
world countries under what they call “Climate debt”, because allegedly western countries
have been burning CO2 and 3rd world countries haven’t!
Have you tried breathing in a third world country lately?
It is a fact that developed countries are by far less polluted than developing countries,
where people are actually dying form pollution. “Transferring wealth” to 3rd world
countries under an unelected world government, to countries that are mostly governed
by autocratic rulers will only help the sustainability of dictatorship, pollution and fascism,
and more plights to the citizens living under these regimes by supporting their dictators
financially to sustain regimes that would otherwise collapse by their own demeanor. The
aim of this Conspiracy is to help the sustainability of 3rd world Communism, Socialism
and dictatorship to save the fanatic leftist forms of government while weakening
Capitalism by what they call “climate debt”.
You can give Communism all the new colours you want, fascism will always have the
same ugly face.
Climategate incident – exposing the eco-Marxist scam
On Thursday 19th November 2009 news began to circulate that hacked documents and
communications from the University of East Anglia’s Hadley Climate Research Unit (aka
CRU) had been published to the internet.
The information revealed how top scientists conspired to falsify data in the face of
declining global temperatures in order to prop up the premise that man-made factors are
driving climate change.
The documents and emails illustrated how prominent climatologists, affiliated with the
UN’s International Panel on Climate Change, embarked on a venomous and coordinated
campaign to ostracise climate skeptics and use their influence to keep dissenting reports
from appearing in peer-reviewed journals, as well as using cronyism to avoid compliance
with Freedom of Information Act requests.
Here follows a compendium of articles and videos on what was quickly dubbed as
“ClimateGate”.
The full story:
[3] CLIMATE BOMBSHELL: Hacker leaks thousands of emails showing conspiracy to “hide”
the real data on manmade climate change
[4] Climategate: the final nail in the coffin of ‘Anthropogenic Global Warming’?
Hiding the Decline:
[5] Hacked E Mails: Climate Scientists Discuss “Hiding Decline” In Temperatures
[6] Mike’s Nature Trick
[7] McIntyre: The deleted data from the “Hide the Decline” trick
[8] Hide The Decline – Climategate
[9] Bishop Hill’s compendium of CRU email issues
Sources:
1. http://www.foxnews.com/projects/pdf/113009_IISDreport.pdf
2. http://www.europa-eu-un.org/articles/en/article_8975_en.htm
3. http://www.prisonplanet.com/climate-bombshell-hacker-leaks-thousands-of-emails-showing-conspiracy-to-hide-the-real-
data-on-manmade-climate-change.html
4. http://www.prisonplanet.com/climategate-the-final-nail-in-the-coffin-of-anthropogenic-global-warming.html
5. http://www.prisonplanet.com/hacked-e-mails-climate-scientists-discuss-hiding-decline-in-temperatures.html
6. http://www.prisonplanet.com/mike%E2%80%99s-nature-trick.html
7. http://www.prisonplanet.com/mcintyre-the-deleted-data-from-the-%e2%80%9chide-the-decline%e2%80%9d-trick.html
8. http://www.prisonplanet.com/hide-the-decline-climategate.html
9. http://www.prisonplanet.com/bishop-hill%E2%80%99s-compendium-of-cru-email-issues.html
Effective communication and consolidation
"In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act."
George Orwell
2.73 Consolidating the moderate cultural conservative forces of Europe
Creating the foundation for a Second European Renaissance, pre-2083
The essence of consolidation for all European cultural conservative is:
1. Defining who we are and whom we are willing to include/exclude
2. Describing the problem/what we want ”fixed”
3. Conclusions/Solutions/The way ahead
It’s an extremely complex subject which eventually boils down to the following:
We (the moderate cultural conservatives of Europe) will need to create a consensus (a
political ideology preferably) which must appeal to AT LEAST 20-35% of the Western
European population (which makes up the bulk of the moderate right wing in Europe
today). It’s worth noting that aprox. 70% of European patriotic conservatives are male
while only 30% female.
The new political ideology has to be inclusive enough so that enough Europeans support
it. At the same time it has to ”solve” the current weaknesses of the Western European
countries.
The problem with today’s political climate and political correctness in general however is
that it is considered inappropriate and offensive to discuss 1. and 2. Therefore it is
considered even more so to even mention 3…
The cowardice that most people show (by their reluctance to discuss this) is appalling,
even among conservatives. If the moderate conservatives DO NOT, then extreme
conservatives will, and we eventually risk ending up with another nasty/racist form of
fascism (thanks to the moderate cowards who for various reasons were reluctant to
contribute).
I believe Europe should strive for:
A cultural conservative approach where monoculturalism, moral, the nuclear family, a
free market, support for Israel and our Christian cousins of the east, law and order and
Christendom itself must be central aspects (unlike now). Islam must be re-classified as a
political ideology and the Quran and the Hadith banned as the genocidal political tools
they are.
Someone once said: ” Believe in something or be defeated by anything” which describes
Western Europe’s problem correctly at the moment.
Fjordmans book; ”Defeating Eurabia” concluded with the following points;
- Mass Muslim immigration will continue (or more precisely, the cultural
Marxists/multiculturalists will continue to import voters).
- Muslim birth rates remain above 3 while non Muslim birth-rates remain below
replacement rate.
- The Muslim “ghettofication” process in major cities continues (less than 50% of Muslims
will be considered "successfully integrated” in the future.
- The majority of Muslims continue to abide by the ground rule of Sharia: a Muslim girl
will never be allowed to marry a kuffār. Most people today forget that this rule is the
most important rule within Sharia and theoretically places 90% of all Muslims in the
same category as Islamists.
- The factors above results in a scenario where the "Muslims/Multiculturalist alliance"
remain in power (despite that more and more non-Muslims move right in the political
landscape). They therefore set a stop to all democratic attempts or "solutions" which can
stop or reverse the Islamisation of that specific Western European country. It basically
cripples the democracies and uses the democratic mechanics against the non-Muslims).
- 2030 - Muslims reach critical mass (20%), which basically means that the MI6 or other
European intelligence agencies will not be able to stop all attacks.
- 2070-2080 - the Muslim population becomes a majority - 50%+.
When will the silent majority (middle class) react or get involved in the
struggle?
You would think people would have some sort of reaction to the destruction of their own
culture and civilisation.
However, people in general won't react until they feel that they are allowed to do so. But
that moment will come, perhaps sooner than we think (most likely when Muslims reach
around 50% in either the Netherlands or France).
Today (phase 1) people refrain from reacting since they live in economic prosperity, and
to stand up for their ideas would send them into suffering. However, in a few decades we
will have an economic downfall that will make the current recession look like a picnic.
And at that point standing up for their ideas will come at no extra cost, since the
suffering is already prevalent.
What will trigger Phase 3 (civil war)?
There will not be any “fertile ground” as long as the European countries are prosperous
with minimal unemployment. When that changes in the time frame 30-70 years,
combined with the nation going towards Muslim majority this will all change. The never
ending flood of Muslim demands is calculated to break the budget, jam the bureaucratic
gears into gridlock, and bring the system crashing down. Fear, turmoil, violence and
economic collapse would accompany such a breakdown providing perfect conditions for
fostering radical change.
It may be relatively peaceful until ”something” triggers a confrontation. This ”something”
can be a combination of an economic depression resulting in massive unemployment,
riots getting out of hand, an assassination or a terrorist attack by an Islamist group or
Anti-Jihad group.
The confrontation has a cascade effect which results in a similar scenario as that of
Lebanon. The rebellion will eventually develop into a civil war. Para-military organisations
will be created on both sides (Muslims + cultural Marxists vs. the cultural
conservatives/nationalists).
The conservatives of that specific Western European country are screaming for "a strong
leader or group" who can ”approach and solve” this problem (70% of men, 30% of
women will support this – a total of 25% of the people or 50% of all non-Muslims).
By studying all available data, we know that once the Muslims reach approximately 50%
of the population there will be a conflict which is likely to result in enormous human
suffering. At that point, morality will lose its meaning. The question of good and evil will
be reduced to one simple choice for us; Survive or perish. The "strongman" is what we
are headed for. He's not what we want; he's just the inevitable endgame.
Consolidating our forces in phase 1, 2 and 3
We must work hard in the coming decades to create and develop Anti-Jihad or other
forms of Cultural conservative movements. Our objectives will be to recruit the youths of
our society (15-30) whom will be the bulk of the physical defence of our cultural
conservative ideology.
The cultural conservatives vs. the racial conservatives
Whoever manages to attract the youths of a society will have the best possibility to
secure power and implement the changes of the given political ideology.
If racist organisations succeed where we have failed, then we know what will happen.
Unfortunately for us, the intelligence agencies of Europe are currently doing everything
they can to prevent the creation of any type of militia, that being CC’s or RC’s. The media
on the other hand will go to great lengths to put us, the cultural conservatives (anti-Jihad
movements etc.) in the same category as the racial conservatives. To them it’s black and
white; According to them, everyone who is not considered “politically correct” must by
default be racists or Nazis…
Organisational work in Phase 1 (2009-2030)
We must spend the next 20 years wisely and continue our work on creating a pan
European conservative consolidation, a new conservative political ideology (a political
ideal) which has the potential to appeal to a MINIMUM of 20-35% of Western Europeans,
including the bulk of our youth. The creation of cultural conservative student
organisations in Universities all over Europe must be a priority.
In order to do this we have to agree on a consensus for creating a modern, “un-tainted”,
cultural conservative, patriotic youth movement which will prevent our youths from
joining NS or WN movements. This movement should be somewhat like the equivalent of
Russias Nashi movement (Putins youth movement - 120,000 members aged between 17
and 25). They are anti fascist/anti Nazi, but still patriotic conservatives.
Our goal in phase 1 is to take the current “anti-Jihad movements” to a second level,
approach, cooperate with and/or merge with Christian movements and other cultural
conservative movements (who agree on a set point of principles).
In order for us to do this we have to agree on a given set of principles and be
accommodating when approaching other conservative movements.
Our aim should be to:
1. Create a pan European student/youth movement (at universities, high schools, social
activities). F example call it: “Young Europeans”, “Christian European Renaissance
Movement” or just “Renaissance Movement” (Attempting to unite Christians, anti-
Eurabians, nationalists and other types of cultural conservatives.
2.74 Organisational strategy for phase 1; Better communication and
cooperation among cultural conservative groups
Learning from cultural Marxists/multiculturalists
It's clear they've done more than merely mess up our countries; they've also, quite
intentionally, messed with our minds.
As it turns out, messing with our minds wasn't just one part of the plan; it was the
essential goal of the entire plan of conquest (Implementation of the EU’s Eurabia
project/European multiculturalism/Islamisation of Europe). They used sociology, social
psychology, linguistics, and a subtle understanding of human motivation to get into our
heads and change the way we processed reality itself, in ways that made it impossible to
question all the other things they were up to.
Ending cultural Marxist/multiculturalist dominance will require us to undo the vast
memetic and ontological damage they've wrought on two entire generations of
Europeans. We have no choice but to fight this fire with fire of our own. And the first
thing we need to do is understand, very specifically, how they did it. Fortunately, this
isn't hard: the basics are all laid out in their original written plans.
We must win the people over culturally—by defining how man ought to act, how he ought
to perceive the world around him, and what it means to live the good life.
What is the meaning of life? How should we relate to each other? Our families and
communities? Other nations? God? The planet? What is good, and how do we recognise
it? What is evil, and how should we respond?
These are the basic ontological questions on which our ability to parse the rest of reality
depends—the foundations of every human's cognitive model of the world. Change these
underlying assumptions, and the way we prioritise and evaluate everything else in the
world necessarily changes, too. We must recognise this and focus on selling the cultural
conservative worldview, via every possible channel. We must make this the central focus
of our movement. Once we get them to accept our basic assumptions about reality
(rationalism), we know, the rest of our agenda will follow naturally.
We must set ourselves up as a daring and controversial counterculture that offers an
original and rebellious alternative to the prevailing set of cultural Marxist/multiculturalist
assumptions.
Our status as a mass movement begins and ends with our ability to inspire the masses to
share our worldview. Promoting that worldview is the only goal that matters; and every
action we take should be aimed at moving us toward that outcome. When that
epistemology is widely accepted, implementing our policies will proceed easily and
naturally, with minimal opposition.
Unfortunately, we're starting from a place of weakness. cultural Marxist/multiculturalist
ideals are far more compelling (emotionalism, multiculturalism, humanism which has led
us towards the ongoing Islamisation of Europe), however they are suicidal to any
civilisation and cannot be accepted or tolerated. History teaches that all great civilisations
who have fallen in the past have been self defeated. A civilisation is born on rationalism
and defeated on emotionalism. Our goal is to prevent our civilisation from dying by
basically ”resetting” the current values by replacing them with our ”old core, rational and
cultural conservative values. Implementing our principles throughout Europe which will
be known as the second cultural European renaissance can only be done after assuming
power politically supported by the military. Before that is even possible Europe will burn
once again, people will die, but Europe will be reborn as strong as it once was.
Everything Europeans do, the institutions and physical infrastructure we build, the
investments and decisions we make, the goals we set and the ideals we cherish, emerges
from and is evaluated according to our essential assumptions about how the world works.
Getting people to understand and embrace the basic premises of the conservative
(rationalist, cultural conservative worldview is the first and most critical step to creating a
lasting progressive era in Europe. When that's accomplished, we can set about reforming
every one of society's institutions so that it reflects those values starting with school
curriculum’s and disallowing cultural Marxist propaganda in the mass media.
People may be desperate for change and some new ideas—but even so, we'd be wise not
to underestimate how much time it's going to take to remove all the constraints they've
put on people's thinking. We'd be even wiser to become very energetic about promoting
ourselves as a new, fresh alternative counterculture that's not afraid to confront a crusty
and crumbling status quo.
Convince Europeans we're trustworthy to lead
Our biggest problem will likely be that the public (after decades of cultural
Marxist/multiculturalist brainwashing) simply don't trust us to lead. So we must focus on
fixing that perception, a process that may take several decades. We must persuade the
countries of Europe that the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regimes where and are
suicidal, corrupt, inept and completely unworthy of trust. If we want a permanent cultural
conservative regime (despite our non-democratic methods), we have to reach out to
inspire and earn the country's deep trust in our ideas and our leadership. We need their
loyalty for the long run.
Align strategy with tactics…
We have a growing army of wonderful, energetic, skilled activists out there doing the
organising and moving the message. We also have a smaller and very much neglected
cadre of strategic big-picture thinkers who are looking way out ahead, figuring out where
we want to go and how best to get there. And not only do the two factions seldom talk—
when they do talk, they often find they're not even speaking the same language.
Activists dismiss strategists as thinking too big-picture, and not understanding the
realities on the ground. Strategists see the activists running off in all kinds of directions,
instead of aligning their energies and focusing them on well-chosen small battles that will
pay off in much bigger victories down the road.
Its important to speak in large generalisations about principles, values, and large-scale
visions of what the world should be. This is energising to strategic thinkers, who see the
same big picture and who understand that you have to create that kind of overarching
vision of the change you want to create before you can fill in the details. However, that
same style drives wonkier folks crazy: they're very uncomfortable with that lack of detail.
They don't want the big-picture stuff; they want to know exactly what is to be expected.
It's cheering to realise the cultural Marxists/multiculturalists have had ongoing issues
with this exact same problem. But it also points up the sobering truth that we won't
experience a smooth transition when we take power unless we also learn how to bridge
that gap so we can maximise the skills of both groups. We need to get the people who
are capable of plotting long-range strategy linked up closely with the people who have
the tactical skills to execute it—and both sides need to have the wisdom to know and
respect that they're bringing different but important things to the table.
Invest in creating elite tacticians
No successful movement goes anywhere without a tightly-knit, trusted, trained core of
elite activist leaders who are all working for the same goal. It is more important to have
a few impassioned members than a large number of largely indifferent members." If the
core is energetic, smart, and strong, all the rest will naturally fall into place around it.
The cultural Marxists lacks a tradition of respecting their most experienced leaders. It's a
common liberal conceit to think that any one of us could do what they do.
Conservatives on the other hand have a tradition of respecting and falling in line with our
most experienced leaders. Good followers without constant second guessing. There's a
time for big consensus-building all-in conversations; but there's also a time to stop
talking, fall in line, and do what needs to be done without backbiting or second-guessing
the decision. This is our biggest strenght. We believe in something constant, our culture
and national identity and many of us are willing to die for it.
The biggest weakness of the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist mindset is that they lack a
grand scheme; they act on short term intuition, emotions and short sight-ness. They
think only 5-10 years ahead while we think 30-50 years ahead.
Cultural Marxists lose a lot of good leaders simply because they get tired of trying to
keep all the frogs in the wheelbarrow, which takes their focus off of the more important
task of getting the wheelbarrow where it's going. It's one of the most typical ways in
which they burn out their own most talented folks.
Our biggest flaw is our unwillingness for inclusiveness. When people have had enough of
the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist culture, we need to embrace them and make them
feel at home among us.
They need to come voluntary though. Building a movement is a sales job—but the sale is
closed when they accept our terms, not when we bend to meet theirs.
Our worldview and principles are absolutely central to the entire long term goal, and
should never be compromised for anyone. If someone don't agree, fine. Take it or leave
it. We will not fudge our own convictions in the hopes of drawing off a few more
supporters from less significant sub-groups. We know that in time these little
compromises form the cracks that undermine the entire movement.
Everyone needs to know that we are a purely defensive movement. We didn't start this
fight that is leading us to cultural suicide. They did, the cultural Marxists/multiculturalists.
We are simply doing what is necessary to protect European culture and to make sure we
won’t end up under Sharia law.
The cultural Marxists have since the 1960’s used powers of the country to squelch our
movement, using whatever pretext they are able to invent. Unfortunately, these
persecutions have not created the expected sympathy.
The battle we face is the same one our ancestors fought; and we owe it to their
memories to fight it hard and well.
Don't underestimate the resistance
There is no excuse for ever being surprised by the ferocity or ingenuity of cultural
Marxist/multiculturalist attacks.
But if we're in this fight to win, we need to get serious about being prepared for to make
sacrifices and attack them relentlessly where it hurts the most. After all, we have far less
to fear from them than they do from us.
They are bound by the shackles of Emotionalism, their achilles which eventually will lead
to their downfall. We, as rational thinkers, don’t suffer under the strong Emotionalist
ethical lines which prevents them from taking the necessary measures.
When the time is right we will make a ruthless effective push that will make them run in
fear. We, after all, have a conviction worth dying for; to secure freedom for people of
Europe and prevent a third wave of Islamic invasion.
We will eventually be able to punish our unjust oppressors.
Our weakness: Passivity
An excessive amount of intellectualisation divorced from application in the real work is a
kind of escape from reality, or the creation of a virtual reality. Thinking becomes tired,
static, and inward-looking. People become more interested in creating mental utopias
than having a real impact on society. There is a place in society for abstract, academic
discussion. This is not that place."
We spend so much time sharing our esoteric enthusiasms, complaining about stuff
nobody else cares about, and reaffirming each others' worldview that we fail to do the
real work of the movement, which is getting out there and winning new hearts and minds
to the cause. We become hypersensitive (and sometimes downright surly) in the face of
earnest questions from outsiders who don't understand the secret language of our
groupthink. We build up walls that keep new members out, and harden into a cloistered
elite that has no room for newcomers.
If the goal is to build a mass movement, those developments are absolutely fatal. And
the only way to avoid it is to insist that our groups stay open to new members and ideas,
and actively engaged with work that promotes our ideas in the hostile climate of current
cultural Marxist/multiculturalist Europe.
2.75 Copying Marxist organisational strategies and networks – locally,
nationally and internationally
The following study was conducted in Norway but many of the results and findings apply
locally, nationally and internationally.
Comparison (political influence vs. number of members/supporters):
FrP (Progress Party – mod. cultural conservatives) – 23% – 25k members
Rødt (Red – Marxists) – 1,3% in 09 election – 1,7k members
They are violent and few but they are extremely effective and
talented at what they do. A relatively small group (50-100) of
hardcore Norwegian Marxists are doing a remarkable job at
gaining and exercising political influence in various fronts. In
order for conservatives to succeed, they must copy the Marxist
strategies. We must actively use deceit and use our networks as
force-multipliers so that we may manage to exercise a
disproportionate amount of influence. Let’s try to look at their
methods and organisational structure/pattern and draw some
conclusions on how cultural conservatives can learn and improve
on organisational strategies.
This group of Marxists have a large pool (approximately 10 000 in Norway) of non-violent
activists which they rally and demonstrate with (not including their Muslim support
groups). The Marxist political party “Rødt” (Red) is a micro party with only 1700
members. KrF – Christian Democrats in comparison have 38 000 members, Senterpartiet
have 22 000, even the small cultural conservative party Demokratene (Democrats) have
5000 members. SV (Socialist Left Party) have 9000 members but only a fraction is as
active on the demo front as Rødts members. Many of SVs members are “sofa-radicals”,
especially among the older members.
The Marxist party Rødt is extremely efficient when it comes to organising events and
arranging various demonstrations. Their leaders are aggressively creating “front-
organisations” everywhere. An alternative strategy they are known for is to infiltrate
other established organisations and reform them from within: f. example Natur &
Ungdom (Nature and Youth - a well known environmental activist organisation) and
Målungdommen (cultural organisation dedicated to promoting Norwegian dialects). They
were also founding organisations such as “Samebevegelsen” (A Sami minority
organisation) in the 70s and several other minority organisations. They created
Kvinnefronten (Feminist Front) and several important environmental organisations.
Nevertheless, RV/AKP/Rødt have lost control of a couple of the organisations they helped
create such as Anti-Rasistisk Senter (Anti-Racist Center) and a couple of other minority
organisations. However, they are still ideologically close to them and they usually end up
demonstrating/rally together in order to create the biggest possible alliance.
An average Rødt (Red) activist is a member of 10-15 other organisations. This is how
they manage to convert a single voice into something ten times as powerful (a form of
force-multiplication). They use each of the organisations in the public debate to maximise
media penetration. In comparison, where the second largest political party in Norway –
FrP (a moderate cultural conservative political party) only have one single voice, hardcore
Marxists have 20-30 voices in the public debate through various organisations spanning
over several fields. I would say every single Rødt member is worth 50 times as much as
each FrP member and more than 1000 times as much as an average Norwegian
pensioner when it comes to influencing society. Not really how we would imagine a
democracy?! The reason is because the average Rødt member is so active when it comes
to aggressively seeking positions of influence in addition to attending and organising
various demonstrations and events. These individuals are actively seeking influence in
many aspects of society through various fronts and disguises. As such, the direction of
the public debate and development is highly influenced by a relatively small Marxist
faction of the population, namely those who organise and participate through various
fronts, NGOs and interest groups which they again use to pressure politicians.
This is one of the primary reasons why today’s politicians, media and NGO leaders (who
predominantly propagate cultural Marxist doctrines) are pushing an agenda that the
majority of the people oppose on several key areas. I mean, common, who wants to see
a de-Christianisation of Europe or a systematical destruction of European traditions,
culture, identity and nation states? The politicians are continuously pressured from a
multitude of fronts, idealistic organisations created or infiltrated by the cultural Marxist
68 generation in Norway and Western Europe in general. Many of these politicians chose
the path of least resistance and allow themselves to be manipulated by the “dominant
elite Marxist mob”. They do not care about public opinion or the will of the people. Their
standard tactic is to bulldoze over the public opinion, the will of the people and any
poorly organised resistance (the silent and poorly organised majority). They use labelling
techniques and other fascist authoritarian means to achieve their goals: their goals being
political domination and implementation of Marxist doctrines. Multiculturalism is to them
a tool to effectively destroy every shred of European culture and identity in order to
implement a borderless Marxist utopia. Their alliance with Islam is only a short term
strategy until everything European has been destroyed. They will then destroy Islam
(they hope) and include all the ex-Muslims in the utopian Marxist borderless super state.
So who is the typical member and from where do they recruit new members? How
motivated are they and how far are they willing to go to achieve their goals?
The cultural Marxist extremists in Rødt and similar Marxist organisations recruit primarily
young idealists from secondary schools, high schools and other youth arenas. They often
recruit under false and deceptive idealistic banners we all have sympathy for (anti-racist,
pro-minority, pro-gay, anti-war, pro-environment, pro-wildlife, helping Palestinian
children and similar organisations). These cover organisations are again exploiting the
system (or perhaps the system was designed for this…) by receiving public funding per
member. This is another reason why the average hardcore Marxist is a member of 15-20
organisations at once.
As an illustration:
The cultural conservative political party FrP with 25 000 members receive approximately
150 NOK in public funding per member which totals 3,75 million NOK (450k Euro) per
year in public subsidies. In addition FrP charges 200 NOK from each member per year.
Now, the busy little bees of Rødt (1700 members) and allied cultural Marxist
organisations control more than 15-20 NGOs. They cynically set the annual member fee
to a minimum (5-50 NOK) and actively pursue their pool of 50 000 or so sympathisers
for cross-membership (membership in several organisations).
The result is 15-20 NGOs under their control with extremely bloated member lists (cross
members). By using this strategy they gain an un-proportionate amount of influence,
something they know perfectly well how to take advantage of. In addition, they earn
millions of Euro annually. Our journalists refuse to pursue this abuse of power as 99% of
Norwegian journalists are multiculturalists and thus have certain sympathies for more
hardcore political entities.
The Marxist activists are having a field day every single autumn when the new students
arrive from small towns and rural areas to attend our various Marxist dominated
universities. During the introductory week each autumn these Marxists political activists
spend a lot of time recruiting new students. They usually arrange the coolest parties,
have the coolest student social clubs, the most active student organisations and usually
create the best marketing brochures and effects.
In the universities they recruit their members from the country’s future power elite and
they gradually and systematically channel these new conscripts into their social networks
for more ideological indoctrination.
Rødt has a front-organisation for everything, something for almost every imaginable
taste: for solidarity with Africa or Palestine, for the environment, for feminism, for
promotion of dialects, against rape, for human rights, against commercial, for asylum
seekers, against capitalism, for culture (rock, hip-hop, art etc), for international
solidarity, against Christianity, against pornography, etc. it goes on and on.
And the new naive students are channeled through these numerous smaller fronts where
they are presented with more indoctrination from already established and more
experienced Marxists. Some of these new recruits end up in the political party Rødt or in
their newspaper Klassekampen (War of the Classes). The end result (after attending
university) is a new generation of hardcore leftist political activists ready to continue to
implement Marxist doctrines in society. The new generation Marxists recruited from the
best of our youth right under our nose.
However, after a few years, a majority of these students realise how the world works and
reject some of the earlier teachings. Many of them end up as highly influential
individuals, moderate cultural Marxists (multiculturalists) and support more moderate
leftist doctrines along the lines of the Labour Party. These individuals very often seek
power positions within politics, government agencies, politically oriented NGOs, media
companies and within the education sector.
It’s worth noting that areas the Marxist are unable to penetrate and dominate are
faculties in the fields of economics and law which on the other hand is dominated by
cultural conservatives. This also includes the police academies the military and several
private sector fields.
Marxist organisations such as Rødt and their many Blitz, AFA, SOS fronts therefore
function as initial recruitment centers or boot camps for the more established and
moderate leftist movements which continue to dominate Western European regimes.
This is the reason why the Labour Party and other leading European political parties keep
a protective hand over the extreme Marxist movements like Rødt, AFA, Blitz, UAF etc.
The European cultural Marxist establishment’s relationship with extreme and even violent
Marxist youth organisations is equivalent to the relationship the NSDAP had to
Hitlerjugend and similar organisations in the previous century. Why would they contribute
to destroy their own boot camps?
If we, the cultural conservatives want to democratically succeed in the future we simply
have to copy these strategies. The problem here however is that cultural conservatives
(and most anti-Marxists) generally lack an idealistic and voluntary mindset. I can
personally attest to this. I didn’t originally intend to work for free as an ideological
warrior. I, as a majority of my friends, was driven by the lust for personal acquisition and
prestige like a majority of cultural conservatives. Screw everything and everyone right, it
was me, myself and I. Why do you think the Marxist 68 generation managed to
successfully implement multiculturalism and various other Marxist doctrines? Where the
hell was the cultural conservative 68 generation? The answer is simple. They didn’t care
about politics as they generally lacked an idealistic mindset and were instead busy
working, providing for their families. Many worked as small business owners or with
economics and law. Our parent generation (the 68 cultural conservative generation) had
the same flaws we have today. We are egotistical and greedy zealots driven by our lust
for personal acquisitions/prestige completely lacking a political idealistic drive.
There are still many of us who have always been or at least have become politically
active and we might witness a trend shift. This is because an increasing number of
people are waking up and seeing that much of what they learned at school or read in the
MSM press is a lie. That our societies are spiraling down fast towards the abyss and we
have to stop it. But tbh. I doubt we can ever fully match the idealistic spirit of the Marxist
as it is not in our nature. Historically, we have usually waited until the last possible
second before reasserting control. This is not something we can rely on as it is simply too
risky. We can’t risk waiting until the Muslims are 50% of the population or we will end up
as Lebanon, as a terrorised dhimmi minority in our own lands. The worst case scenario
would be that we are completely and utterly annihilated by Marxist-Islamic forces. The
Marxists will be wiped out by the Muslims as well, but at that point, we are already dead.
Conclusion:
Small groups of hardcore Marxists act as force-multipliers and control (through hard work
and a myriad of organisations) an extremely disproportionate amount of the public
debate and direction. The extreme Marxist youth organisations operate as boot camps for
the moderate and established political leftist parties and organisations.
This proves that a micro minority has the potential to exert a massive amount of
influence in a country if they play their cards correctly. As few as 50-100 politically active
individuals CAN considerably influence a country of 4-5 million. The same principle
applies for the international community as well. The global cultural Marxist mafia (the
current world order) now effectively control all Western European countries (Greece, Italy
and Denmark excluded), the US (Obama), Canada, the UN and a majority of the major
NGOs. The cultural conservatives MUST copy the organisational efforts of the Marxists
locally, nationally and internationally.
There are numerous international examples of micro groups influencing a country or area
disproportionally as they operate as force-multipliers.
Examples are the Taliban (less than 5%) in Pakistan. A small group can cause civil war
and inflict havoc in a country. The multiculturalists are saying that it is unproblematic
that 5-15% of Western European Muslims support Al Qaeda ideologically. WRONG. 5-
15% can bring any country to its knees!
10% of the Ummah make out more than 140 million individuals. If only half of them
(5%) declare Jihad the results will be irreversibly catastrophic. The Bolsheviks where only
counted a few hundred in 1910, the National Socialists was a micro party before the
crack in 1929 etc.
2.76 Public opposition to Islamisation translated into success for political
parties
It has been found that in the country where the public is the most opposed to
Islamisation, Greece, there is no successful populist right party, but that in two of the
three Scandinavian countries where the public is the least opposed to Islamisation, there
is such a party.
The gist of the findings of such studies is that opposition to Islamisation is widespread in
all Western European countries. The question they raise
is, why is this opposition not translated into success for anti-immigrant parties in certain
countries like Sweden, Germany and the UK?
The answer is:
It is not the message itself but rather the credibility of the actor who delivers it that
makes the crucial difference. "Reputational shields" are therefore thought to be helpful to
political parties on three levels:
- 1. As a valuable resource for the anti-immigrant party in elite debate
- 2. As external justification for voters
- 3. As internal justification for voters.
Unfortunately, this is the case for BNP, they lack "reputational shields" on a couple of
areas, lacking a secondary platform and ”un-tainted” leadership.
For example, a party that has a legacy as an agrarian party will be able to use its
reputation shield to fend off criticisms from other elite actors accusing the party of racism
and extremism. By contrast, old fascist parties or brand new parties do not have such
reputational shields at their disposal when facing such criticism. Second, a voter can
more easily justify voting for a party proposing radically restrictive immigration policies to
his or her peers and community as not being an act in support of racism or extremism if
the party in question is known for promoting "other policies", too. Third, voters can more
easily justify their choice to themselves as not being motivated by racism when the party
in question has a ”reputational shield”.
BNP and a few of these parties really needs a solid "secondary platform. F example as a
"tax cut" party, or "law and order" party. It will take them a few years if they avoid
making future mistakes (if they implement this agenda). The potential is there.
All anti-Islamisation parties of Western Europe should study the "Norwegian model". The
Progress Party, currently the most successful anti-immigration party in Europe,
(www.frp.no) currently enjoying 27% on the polls (q1 09) and received 22% last
election. It has a "reputational shields" as it started out as a "tax cut" party but took on
anti-Immigration in the early 90’s. They have a good strategy where "modern rhetoric"
and several "female" spokespersons is a part of the picture.
Britain, France, and Sweden are stuck in this quagmire in particular. Tainted "right wing"
leaders (background from racial conservative movements) who are indirectly dissalowing
the Jihadi resistance movement from reaching its full potential. However, as noted in
another chapter, it is unlikely if remaining too moderate in the foreseeable future will
allow any party to gain any influence whatsoever though. Perhaps remaining small and
much more “hardcore” is the way to go afterall? Germany, on the other hand, is a special
case though. The country still suffers from severe psychological trauma and is simply
unable to mount any form of political defence.
2.77 Cultural conservative/nationalist rhetorical strategies
To focus on a specific issue first. Using progressive and tactical rhetoric. Using
appropriate rhetoric is essential in communicating a message successfully.
The word "race", “white”, “ethnic” or "nationalist" for that matter should never be used in
modern debates with adversaries or individuals who may have been subject to severe
indoctrination. These words are so stained by history and post-war media coverage that
you are basically just undermining yourself and the message you seek to communicate
by actively using them. It’s wise to limit the use of all words that has stigma attached as
well as or the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist mainstream media will attempt to label you
as a bigot. If you use the word "race" you are basically contributing to committing
character assassination of yourself or will contribute to self-defeat of the organisational
goals you are representing. You need to understand the following; the modern European
man/women has been indoctrinated or conditioned in a way that he is likely to run for
the hill or active subliminous mental defensive blocks if you use rhetoric containing these
words in your attempt to reach out to him or her. Ill try to explain this more throuroughly
as this applies to me as well. In a world where the absolute arch sin is to be a Nazi,
words who are associated with Nazis must be avoided at all costs, regardless of the
justification for associating them with given ideology. I have researched this quite
throuroughly as I have discussed immigration, European identity and culture with
hundreds perhaps thousands of individuals over the years. My intention for discussing is
often to reaffirm my beliefs by getting the individuals to agree with me (which is normal
when you discuss politics with someone). In other words, I am initially assessing the
individuals knowledge level before deciding which rhetorical strategi I am to use. If he is
a humanist (naive), I will use a specific approach, a different one if he is a true cultural
Marxist and yet another if he is a capitalist globalists. I have programmed in perhaps a
hundred different rhetorical approaches wheter the individual is a national Bolshevik or a
laizzes faire capitalist.
included most of the facts and arguments I actively use in this compendium so everyone
has the opportunity to become a master debater if he or she so chooses. The clue to win
over new sympathisers or supporters it done efficiently by telling them how the world
works but by asking the right questions or rather excellent arguments disguised as
questions.
I use demographical data a lot, f example: Lebanese example (once a Christian country,
now Muslim) and add:
What is your reasoning for believing that Western Europe will not end up as Lebanon from a
demographical standpoint?
And if, let’s say, Western Europe is likely to end up as Lebanon, shouldn’t Europeans be
allowed to prevent this from happening?
Or a couple of other examples:
You say that preserving Tibetan culture is a just cause, that the Chinese strategy of
dempgraphical warfare using Han Chinese settlers is immoral. Why do you then oppose
European patriots trying to preserve European culture?
You claim that you are an anti fascist. But why do you ridicule Europeans demonstrating
outside Wahhabi Mosques when Wahhabism is clearly a fascist ideology. Doesn’t this make
you a hypocrite?
Using fact based arguments disguised as questions are killers and works extremely well.
I have coached several hundred individuals around the world in rhetorical strategies and
have thus contributed to win over hundreds perhaps thousands of new supporters and
sympathisers.
I have aprox. 2500 Facebook contacts at the moment. Whenever I put up a new story
(usually involving the current suicide of Europe) I get many comments. My general rule is
to delete all posts containing naughty words (listed above). The reason is that these
words act as deterrents and paralyzes the debate. Patriotic “more politically correct”
individuals who would normally comment will be afraid to comment after a any definition
of “blurp posts” containing f example one or more words: “white” “race” “genocide” “civil
war”.
In their mind they are terrified to somehow be associated with given individual as they
fear being labelled as a racist. The thought paralyzes them and activates their self
preservation mechanics which again tells them NOT to post. It’s sad but we cant really do
anything but to adapt to the reality that so many patriots are indoctrinated to a point
where they are completely brainwashed.
Whenever I ignore sensor of these words in debates, I end up with 5 or less
commentators. On the other hand, if I sensor any comments containing these words I
usually get more than 15 individual commentators (TRIPLE the amount).
The lesson we can learn from this and other examples are: the end goal is the only
relevant thing. Containing your rhetoric within certain politically correct parameters is the
only logical approach to go. Not doing is will often be counter productive or self
defeating.
The example of self containment should be used in other rhetorical circumstances as
well. We have the truth. Now HOW do we communicate the truth most efficiently? There
are counter productive ways and optimal ways to communicate the truth based on which
individual or target group you are communicating to.
If your target group is clearly a victim of systematic institutionalised indoctrination like
most humanists are, telling the truth directly, “in simple words”, will just contribute to
activate their mental defensive mechanisms which will scare them away. Instead, you
must articulate yourself through very vague illustrations which almost indirectly will allow
the individual to ask himself essential questions (also known as mental conditioning or
anti-indoctrination rhetorical strategies). For examples, see essays published at sites with
more moderate cultural conservative lines.
Evaluating one example:
Multiculturalism is an anti-European hate ideology used to deconstruct European cultures,
traditions, identities and national states.
This statement would be just too brutal and direct for many indoctrinated people and
would possibly scare them away. There is always room for considering what is the most
optimal thing to say and what is counter productive. I’ve seen several 10 page essays
which boils down to the above conclusion, brilliantly written. In many cases, that 10 page
essay could win a supporter while the small statement could scare them away. It all
depends on the individual and of course what your goal is. For a large pan-European
organisation with huge ambitions it would be smart to think long term and tread softly,
while individuals who are debating 1 on 1 or with a smaller audience will usually use
more “powerful and direct rhetoric” usually designed to ridicule or undermine rhetorical
adversaries.
Preserving your reputation shields to achieve maximum penetration/ influence
towards all target groups
Let’s say you are a spokesman who wants to target various conservative groups (with
different ideological backgrounds – percentage indicates current potential for
sympathisers):
1. Hardcore white supremacists or certain hardcore NS (>5%)
2. White nationalists – 14 words etc. (>10)
3. Cultural conservatives (15-30%)
4. Moderate cultural conservatives (critical to multicult) (30-35)
5. Pro-multiculturalist conservatives (40-60%)
Different types of rhetorical strategies must be applied to all the above groups. Usually a
serious political party will use quite moderate cultural conservative rhetoric knowing that
he will by default win all the more dedicated sympathiser base.
If you use rhetorical strategies designed for group 5 you will appeal to all the other
groups etc. However, if you use rhetoric designed for group 3 you will be considered too
extreme by target group 4. and 5.
Preserving your reputational shields involves using the correct rhetoric. Which groups
would you want to reach out to in the future. Think 10 -20 – 30 years ahead. Because
past choices will be used against you by the cultural Marxist establishment should you
ever choose to become “more ambitious”.
Sadly, this is not the case with the left wing as Barroso is a clear example of. It is a well
known fact that he used to be a member of the Portuguese Communist party, yet NO
media company has ever tried to character assassinate him as they would have done
with any and all cultural conservative.
Opportunistic political parties or larger organisations may decide to “sell out” their most
essential principals in order to increase potential support. There are examples of political
parties in Europe who used to be 2. but who reformed into 5. with the hopes of becoming
“political relevant”. This can end as a political disaster as that organisation or political
party is ending up in a situation where they are sensuring themselves to a degree that
they in fact become irrelevant. This may also upon up the posibilty for new players right
of them with more credible principles. Some conservative parties have ended up
supporting multiculturalism which just underlines that they have defeated themselves
and should no longer be allowed to call themselves conservatives.
As for target groups to reach out to; forget about cultural Marxists or more hardcore
Marxists. No matter how good your arguments and documentation is, they have decided
they do not want to hear the truth. Instead, focus on humanists and naive or ignorant
people in general – the great bulk of people. THAT is where the potential for support is.
Use deceptive means when required, the worst and most incompetent debater is ALWAYS
the most sincere debater. They are swallowed and chewed to bits in seconds and are
generally vulnerable to character assassination. This is why 95% of all politicians are liars
or manipulators of truth, they wouldn’t be successful politicians if they weren’t exactly
that unfortunately.
Modern politicians tend to use the words: non-Muslim, conservatives, cultural
conservatives, Christian European, "the indigenous peoples of Europe, or native
European, or if I absolutely have to - ethnic European when describing "Europeans".
Some of these words are relatively ”inclusive” and can appeal/reach out to all specters of
the right wing including the Christian Movements in addition to free market liberals.
Furthermore, it can be smart to limit the use of words like: ethnic groups, but rather
focus on Islam, non-Islamic, Muslims, non-Muslims. Also, use the term: anti-Islamisation
instead of anti-immigrant. As for trying to describe a threat, focus on Global Islamic
Ummah and dhimmitude (yes, some educating into the meaning of some words will have
to be included). People in general are unfamiliar with many of the ”new words” so certain
explanatory comments would be required.
The use of a clearly defined "rhetorical strategy" is the essence of success for all
Conservative politicians, master debaters and leaders. Unfortunately folks older than 40
tend to blurp up "dirty outdated rhetoric" now and then, while people younger than 40
are usually more disciplined in regards to rhetorical containment.
Also, I’ve said this before several times. It’s a strategic mistake to use "nationalist" or
"national" in a political party name - the case with BNP and National Front. There is too
much stigma attached to the word and many people will subliminously see parallels with
Nazi Germany.
Furthermore, it can be a strategically smart to use female spokespersons in debates
involving immigration and Islamisation (topics that for many people traditionally has
evolved around ”angry, single, white men”
We didn't create these rules, but it’s in our interest to follow them if we want to more
successfully distribute our messages.
Consider Islam as a decease you can take advantage of. The Islamisation of Europe and
the ongoing demographic warfare being waged against Europe by the Global Islamic
Ummah is basically THAT SOMETHING that will bring the cultural conservatives together
and eventually to power (within 40-70 years). So in the mean time, it’s essential that the
older generation cultural conservative start adapting to this "new reality" and start
updating their rhetorical strategies or shut the hell up.
On a different note, Racial Conservatism is dead and should not IN ANY WAY be linked
rhetorically to Cultural Conservatism (Racial Conservatism died in WW2).
Our battle on the other hand involves Cultural Conservatism, our duty and right to resist
Cultural genocide and Islamic demographic warfare. Cultural Conservatism has NOTHING
to do with Racial Conservatism. Learn from past mistakes and exercise rhetorical
containment.
But what about the relevance of the terms “ethnicity” and “race”?
Ethnicity has always played a significant factor in every single conflict, and I believe it will
in the future as well whether we like it or not. Just look at Iraq. It’s a text book example
of ethnic war - Kurds vs. Sunni Arabs vs Persian Shias. Turkey: Turks vs Kurds etc. It’s
not a secret that ethnicity is closely linked to culture in a majority of countries worldwide.
In fact, Islam is one of the most racist political ideologies in the world. Usually when a
society has been 90%+ Islamised the Arabisation process begins with often financial
support from Saudi and other Arab countries. This is the case in Mauritania and several
African countries. Systematic "Arabisation" efforts are being ignored by western media
and academia which on the other hand are blindly obsessed with implementing
multiculturalism.
In Europe today, where a majority of individuals have been a victim of institutionalised
multiculturalist indoctrination for several decades it’s essential that we exercise rhetorical
containment. Not with the intention of appeasing the cultural Marxists/multiculturalists
but rather with the intention of protecting ourselves from the mine field which is cultural
conservatism. The cultural Marxists/multiculturalists WANT us to use "flagged" rhetoric as
it will make it very easy for them to label us as bigots.
I don’t think individuals who use ”flagged rhetoric” understands the concepts of
"reputational shields". In fact, I very much doubt they have studied modern right wing
rhetorical strategies which is extremely important to individuals as well as for political
parties. It is not the message itself but rather the credibility of the actor who delivers it
that makes the crucial difference. An individual using "flagged" rhetoric such as "race",
race war", white people, black people, Jews (in the same sentence as race f example),
ethnic (in the same sentence as Jews) - are triggering every imaginable mine put up for
him which in turn will completely obliterate his ”reputational shield” (if he ever had one).
Therefore he is not only undermining his own efforts, but he risks pushing other
”moderate conservatives” away. They might distance themselves as it might affect their
individual "reputational shields" by being affiliated with flagged individuals.
So even though ethnicity and race still is relevant, it is not in our best interest to talk
about it. If we do, we are only increasing the risk of destroying our own credibility which
is lethal for individuals aspiring to reach a large audience (politicians etc). This will
undermine and limit the impact and distribution of their future messages (which is the
case with BNP and National Front to a certain degree).
As Muhammad once said: War is Deceit (al-Taqiyya). Many Muslims are masters of
deceit, and it’s time we start adapting to these realities as well.
Cultural Communism is one of the most deceitful ideologies out there (next to Islam). It’s
a deceitful, racist, fascist, hate ideology bent on the eradication of Christianity and
Western Culture.
Multiculturalism has never been about tolerance. It is an anti-Western hate ideology
championed as an instrument for unilaterally dismantling European culture. As such, it is
an evil ideology bent on an entire culture's eradication, and we, the peoples of Europe,
have not just a right, but a duty to resist it.
The key is preserving our reputational shields using strategic rhetoric.
National, Nationalist, nationalism?
As for the specific word, "nationalist" or nationalism, it’s debatable. Personally, I feel that
the word is stained by history, or smeared to oblivion by Marxists, and thus I feel it may
be counter productive to use it at least for a political party going for the 35% mark,
although I know that many people will disagree.
End note:
I might be mistaken regarding the above “growth strategy”. An overinflated right wing
political party, who has sold out most of their principles, might be able to delay a Muslim
majority for a few decades at best but may end up as completely irrelevant when the
window of oppurtuntiy arises for a potential political coup in the future as they have
kicked out all their leaders who had a spine. Under given circumstances, a smaller right
wing political party with a minimum of “intact principles” against multiculturalism may
prove to be a lot more relevant when it comes to saving the country. The coup makers
would not trust a bloated right wing party which by many would be considered a part of
the problem.
2.78 US and European nationalist rhetorical differences
The ongoing US cultural war is fundamentally different from the European and the
rhetoric clearly reflects the differences.
You cannot and should not mix the European struggle with the US struggle and therefore
should not use similar arguments when discussing the two struggles.
European patriotism vs. US patriotism
American conservatives in general (anti-Marxists) should learn the following;
Marxism has two primary components; socialistic economic policies and internationalism
(multiculturalism/cultural Marxism). You are not a nationalist, not even a conservative by
its very definition, if you support multiculturalist doctrines. The reason is that
multiculturalism is anti-nationalistic by design. Multiculturalism is designed to deconstruct
European traditions, culture, identity and even the nation state in order to create the one
world Marxist utopia. Many Americans fail to comprehend this fact.
Different challenges
The important difference between the US and Europe is that our issues are quite
different. We have been flooded with 25-30 million conservative and relatively poorly
educated Muslims the last 5 decades, by our traitor leaders, while the US are in a quite
different situation. In relation to the cultural challenges of Europe, Christian immigration
cannot be compared to Islamic.
The different challenges are manifested by the use of different rhetorical strategies.
Europeans have a different basis for justifying our rights and we have slightly different
concerns. When an American nationalist discuss with a European he will immediately
bring up race as this factor correlates with the US issues (Mexican immigration, African
Americans etc). Using this form of rhetoric will cause a majority of Europeans to “run for
the hills”. The reason is because a great majority of Americans and Europeans have gone
through decades of multiculturalist indoctrination. Everyone should know this by now and
should be more considerate when choosing their rhetorical approach, because the most
essential thing at this point is to continue to build a broad and strong consolidation of
conservatives. For Europe, this rhetorical approach will for the most part involve cultural
defence relating to Islam(isation) as it is the only issue at the moment that has the
potential and potency to unite enough conservatives.
As the primary goal is a broad and realistic consolidation, the discussion of deeper
aspects of conservatism is counterproductive. At least for Europeans.
Tactical approach - European vs. white, victimhood vs. supremacy
The average “conservative” in the US is NOT a nationalist (anti-internationalist) but a
libertarian (republican – pro capitalism and pro multiculturalism). A majority of US
conservatives have no understanding of the concepts of political nationalism. After all,
they have no experience with these doctrines and often mistakenly confuse them with
fascism. Those Americans who are in fact nationalists are almost always ethnocentric and
are often associated with rhetoric related to “14 words movements”. This represents the
first major divide as Europeans do not identify themselves as “white” but European.
“White nationalism” does not exist in Europe. The reason is because Americans have
been indoctrinated to suppress their European heritage (they don’t generally identify
themselves using the term European-American) and many have therefore instead
adopted the term “white”. The 14 words principle: “we must secure the existence of our
people and a future for white children” reflect the typical US “white nationalist” mentality
and should never be used by a European individual. The term is indicative of a so called
“race struggle” and therefore NOT necessarily a struggle for indigenous rights. Europeans
on the other hand do not fully understand the potency of using rhetoric related to
“indigenous rights.
Rhetoric related to “indigenous rights” is an untapped goldmine which has currently been
deluded and sidetracked due to “rhetorical contamination” from the US. If you use “white
nationalist” rhetoric you are instantly placed in the same category as Hitler. This is not
the case with rhetoric related to indigenous rights as this rhetoric is usually related to the
Aboriginal or Native American struggles. Some of the reason why many nationalists
reject the “indigenous” argument is because it is generally used by a group who has been
defeated. Both the Australian aborigines and the Native American forces fought hard for
their rights but both were utterly annihilated due to the fact that they lived in the Stone
Age when the Europeans first arrived. Some nationalists thus associate these arguments
with rhetoric of victimhood and defeat. The maschochistic nature of some nationalists (so
called white nationalists in particular) turns them off from using this form of rhetoric and
they instead contribute to defeat themselves by using rhetoric associated with
supremacy. While I do not condone the “victimhood hype” in any way or form the fact
remains that playing the victim card is the most potent strategy of our times. Refusing to
use a logical and pragmatical approach in this regard (due to some primitive need to feed
individual egos) is counterproductive and highly destructive.
Are we a “Sitting Bull[1][2]” or a Hitler of our time?
The difference between other indigenous rights movements and the European indigenous
rights movements is that we have not in any way been defeated militarily. The European
armed indigenous rights movements/resistance movements are just starting to emerge
and this will continue in the coming decades. The armed fight for our survival lies ahead
of us.
The outcome of the Aboriginal and Native American struggle established a crystal clear
precedence which dictates that the indigenous peoples of a specific territory have
undisputed exclusive rights in their own lands. If this is the case for Aborigines in
Australia and Native Americans in the US, shouldn’t that be the case for Europeans in
Europe as well? The fact that the cultural Marxists, anti-nationalist humanists and
globalists outright refuse us the same basic human rights prove without a doubt that
THEY are in fact the racists, that they are the fascists and Nazis of our time.
Using this type of rhetoric will significantly damage the Marxists moral justification for
our persecution, the armed forces of the European Resistance Movements. They will have
a much harder time finding the legal and moral justification for branding us as terrorists
as we are in fact fighting for our indigenous rights (compared to the Islamic terrorists
who are fighting for world domination – a global Caliphate based on Sharia law). We are
no more terrorists than the indigenous Brits who fought against the imperialistic Roman
invaders, or the Americans who fought against English rule. We are no more terrorists
than Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse or Chief Gall who fought for their people against the
imperialist General Armstrong Custer. Our struggle will be a lot easier if European
nationalist (indigenous rights activists) use smart and defusing arguments instead of
using supremacist arguments which can be efficiently squashed through psychological
warfare propaganda or by anti-Nazi policies. Yes, we are fighting the imperialistic Marxist
doctrines. The only difference is now, WE are the Sitting Bulls, Crazy Horses and Chief
Galls and the imperialistic Custer’s of our time is called Barroso, Blair, Brown, Merkel and
Sarkozy.
And who in today’s political climate want to be associated as the persecutor and butcher
of Sitting Bull and who is fighting for his peoples indigenous rights? The indigenous
argument is an incredibly potent weapon which more or less is completely untapped.
Europeans should never use “14 words” rhetoric as it is coined for European Americans.
It is a self defeating argument, if ever used in Europe, as it automatically places you in
the same category as Hitler.
The estimated potential forces of all armed European Resistance Movements is
approximately 13 million (compared to the defeated Aboriginal force of 5000-10 000 and
the Native American force of 100 000+). The only difference is that a majority of the
patriots involved are not willing to fight and die for the cause just yet as long as we live
in economical prosperity.
The most pragmatical way to move forward is to play the victim card in combination with
cruel methods of armed resistance. We must literally focus all our efforts at creating an
optimal environment for recruitment. This can only be done if we manage to cripple all
Western European economies through financially crippling sabotage operations and
cynical shock attacks which will devastate the stock markets and severely undermine the
Euro, causing a favourable climate for recruitment. This approach is formulated in this
compendium.
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_the_Little_Bighorn
2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sitting_bull
2.79 Educating the European patriots who lacks ideological confidence
It is extremely important that the cultural conservatives/patriots/nationalists in Europe
who are ideologically confident take responsibility and educate/encourage the non-
confident nationalists.
So what is a non-confident nationalist and how do I approach him?
Every ideologically confident nationalist should take note of the following.
DO NOT make this war about race or ethnicity. You have to keep in mind that most
people in Western Europe have been systematically indoctrinated for the last 4-5
decades. So opening liners such as the following is guaranteed to push people away:
“hail brother, fight by our side in the ongoing race war, we are going to destroy the ZOG
and kill all the Jews, sieg heil brother!
I consider myself to be quite ideologically confident but had anyone said this to me, I
would probably run for the hills and ignore any future encounter with that individual.
Somehow, internal filters against these words are all hardcoded into the base thought
patterns of a majority of Europeans through decades of multiculturalist indoctrination.
Statements like that manages to trigger absolutely every red flag and alarm in the
average European telling him to get the hell out of there. It is essential to understand
this and that many people would rather commit suicide or live under slavery/harsh
dhimmitude than to become a Nazi or fight for the Nazi cause. Because today’s Nazism
isn’t the sum of the individual doctrines of National Socialism! It has rather become a
massively bloated phenomenon - a reincarnation of pure evil itself. Demonising Nazism
has through 6 decades of indoctrination (the most unparalleled indoctrination campaign
witnessed in the history of man) which has developed into an unconscious established
truth. As such, and due to the actual negative and evil aspects of this ideology, it is
pointless to try to resurrect it in any way or form. Regardless of this obvious fact, many
old school nationalists are still using this crap to try to recruit people.
In order to connect with the ordinary man you must understand that he is a modern man
who has travelled a several decade long journey through multiculturalist institutions. He
is completely brainwashed so tread carefully and take the required precautions. You have
to understand his pain and concerns in his everyday life. The fear of Islamisation is the
most pressing concern for most Europeans and Islam is NOT a race. So avoid talking
about race. It is a cultural war, not a race war! If you do believe it is a race war, then
keep it to yourself as it is un-doubtfully counterproductive to flag those views.
A cultural conservative is a closet nationalist, who is just using different rhetoric to avoid
the stigma. It is often a strategic choice. The concept of nationalism appeals to less than
15-20% while the concept of cultural conservatism has the potential to appeal to as
much as 35% although there is basically little difference. After all, three decades of
multiculturalist indoctrination has taught me to adapt to the currently hostile
environment we are living in.
Approximately 70% of Western European males would sacrifice their lives to prevent
Europe from being conquered by Islam while less than 10% would sacrifice their life for
their race. As such, it isn’t exactly rocket science to foresee which ideology (with given
rhetorical strategies) will win over the “modern patriot”.
Waking up enough of our fellow Europeans will take several decades. Do not expect him
to accept and embrace the light immediately; especially when we are fully aware of that
he has been thought to avoid the light.
2.80 3 point guide to convert your right wing blog/site to a
newspaper/magazine with national distribution
I’ve spoken to numerous successful and less successful right wing blog/news-
site/Facebook “reporters” over the years and the general opinion seems to be that the
creation and distribution of a paper-magazine/newspaper is so incredibly difficult and
problematic. I can honestly not understand why people feel this way. This is why I will
present a 3 step guide to how you and anyone can take the step from internet
distribution to paper distribution with national coverage. This is not as hard as people
might think it is. Also, many people will argue: “paper distribution is dead, internet is the
future!” While this certainly seems to be the direction we are headed you cannot and
should not underestimate/ignore paper distribution yet. Creating a “paper” presence will
be essential to reach a greater number of European patriots.
Illustration case example: Document.no
Document.no is a Norwegian right wing blog/site equivalent in content to
BrusselsJournal.com, GatesOfVienna.blogspot.com, JihadWatch.org or
AtlasShrugs2000.typepad.com
Current distribution in Norway: 9000 unique weekly hits and growing
Content: The site is relatively “academically heavy” compared to the tabloids but the
content is excellently written. Approximately 60% are news articles/essays translated
from other sites while 40% are essays/stories written by the editors, primarily critique of
multiculturalism and the multiculturalist elites of Norway/Western Europe.
Staff: Run voluntarily (unpaid) by 1-2 people.
Finances: currently funded by the owners/staff and by small contributions from the
readers.
Paper distribution goal
Annual editions: 12 annual issues
Total distribution/production: 5000 copies
Price for subscribers: 5 Euros
Price in store: 10 Euros (5 Euros profit for store)
Initial distribution goal/method: I believe that a blog with 9000 weekly unique hits
should be able to convert this base to at least 500-1000 initial subscribers. The initial
goal for national coverage through stores/kiosks should be 2000-4000. The total number
of printed copies would be aprox. 5000.
1. Planning phase; prepare for an initial production of 12 annual editions. It is wise to start of
slowly with a magazine (monthly edition) and slowly build up your base until you are in a
position where you can create a “5 times per week – newspaper”. Total price will be 10
Euros per magazine whereas 5 Euros will be the cut to the seller (the kiosk/store selling it).
You will split the distribution into: 1: Subscription (5 Euros per copy), 2: Sold at
stores/kiosks (10 Euros per copy).
2. Convert 500-1000 unique readers into paying subscribers. This can be done through “in
house” sales methods on the blog/site. Before you initiate your “in house sales campaign” I
would recommend that you create a graphical illustration of the front page (jpg) of the first
paper edition of the magazine to show people what they can expect (with perhaps a small
appendix)
3. When the site/blog-owner has managed to acquire a minimum of subscribers (aprox 500-
1000 minimum), they may finally contact the “director of distribution” in your countries
leading retail corporation(s) (the corporation that owns a majority of kiosks/small stores
and evaluates which magazines they shall sell). Set up a meeting with him, bring a laptop
and a nice PowerPoint presentation and present the editorial content and argue why it will
be profitable for his company to allow your magazine to be distributed from their
stores/kiosks. Add a graphical illustration of your first magazine to your PowerPoint
presentation. You must present credible arguments especially from a business point of
view. You should, however, also be prepared to defend the this conservative concept from a
moral and democratical point of view. Larger countries such as the UK, France and
Germany) will have several corporations like this so you will have to set up meetings with
several of these directors. Under normal circumstances, and providing your presentation is
good, your magazine will be given a “test period”, where the “sales numbers” will be the
deciding factor. End note: definition of hate speech - f example racist magazines will not
be accepted but moderate magazines, such as magazines critical of multiculturalism,
Islamisation, pro-culture etc. should be able to be accepted unless the director in question
is a dedicated left winger. Create an initial/intentional distribution agreement; f example
that you are allowed to sell your magazines from 500 stores/kiosks over a 3 month test
period.
4. A monthly edited PDF file with articles/essays is to be prepared and sent by email to a
commercial publication partner such as www.07.no. A company such as the “07 Group” is a
wide range “publication partner” which can handle the following tasks:
Edit/design the initial PDF file template if necessary and edit/prepare it for print. If the
staff/editors/journalists at the blogsite lacks basic PDF editing skills the publishing company
can handle everything from design, editing, adding/creating graphics and extra text and
they can even design a basic template for you. The end result will often be a template
where the editor can just fill in content. Companies such as the 07 Group will then print the
finished PDF file in the desired magazine format. In our case, this will be a standard
magazine format with typically glossy front/back page and put together by two staples.
The publishing company will then apply addresses and send out the 500-1000 completed
issues to your subscribers. They will then truck a shipment of 4000 magazines to the
distribution central of the store/kiosk corporation.
5. As soon as the above is done, you may formalise (at this point you should already know
how much you are going to pay) your agreement with the publishing company. The only
thing to keep in mind is to follow point 1 to 4.
A sea of content available online ready to be distributed via paper
You do not have to be a writer genius to become an editor of a conservative
newspaper/magazine. There is a vast ocean of well written stories, essays etc. critical of
multiculturalism and in support the conservative view that has never been published by
the MSM. There are probably more than 20-30 internet based right wing blog-news-sites
which will gladly offer to forward their essays/stories to you as long as you credit them as
the author. As such, anyone who wants to start their own
English/French/German/Spanish speaking etc. conservative newspaper/magazine could
easily gain access to a vast database of stories and articles presently unpublished in
paper format and you would therefore not need to hire any journalists/reporters.
Costs related to paper distribution
I have acquired a price estimate from the largest all-in-one publishing companies in Oslo:
07 Group. Since the general price level in Norway is quite expensive I would assume that
this would be even cheaper in other countries.
Distribution/copies: 5000
Format: 19,5x27,5 cm (standard magazine format)
Pages: 96
Press: 4/4 CMYK
Paper: 90g arctic volume white H or equivalent
Assembled: two metal staples (back-stapled)
Address printing on copies: 500 separate addresses printed on each copy from
subscriber database
Packaging: freely on palette
Price for 5 000 copies: 4482 Euro (without sales tax)
Price per copy: 0,9 Euro (without sales tax)
Price per additional 1000 copies: 481 Euro
The price is based on the following:
Material: The publishing company receive a PDF file from the blog/news site. The final
file may be reviewed by the company before print.
End note: realistically, it is likely that at least 50% of publications attempting to go from
the internet into paper format will fail, due to politically motivated sabotage or refusal
from the distributor (after pressure from local or national government or other political
left wing pressure groups. However, seeking national distributions for publications critical
of multiculturalism should be a prioritised task and we owe it to everyone to do our best
in this process. As of now, there are no cultural conservative paper publication in Norway,
Sweden and several Western European countries. As for Denmark; BT and Jyllands
Posten are considered somewhat remotely conservative.
Because our survival depends on it
“He who saves his country, violates no law.”
Napoleon
2.81 The Strategy of Western Survivalists
By Fjordman
I have mentioned several times the possibility that we never won the Cold War as
decisively as we should have done. The enemy has been regrouping and now largely
controls our media and educational institutions less than a generation after the fall of the
Berlin Wall. We did not have public trials against the supporters of Marxism just as we did
against Nazism. That was a serious mistake, and it is of paramount importance that we
do not repeat it. If or when the European Union collapses and multiculturalism is
defeated across the Western world, we need to stage public trials against the creators of
Eurabia and the lies continuously told by our media and academia. They need to be
exposed as evil and politically crushed.
This leads us to ask the following questions: Less than a generation after the fall of the
totalitarian Soviet Union and its puppet regimes in Eastern Europe, we are watching the
rise of the European Union, which is rapidly moving in a totalitarian direction in Western
Europe. Some of the former Communist countries in Europe are now freer than their
Western cousins, although this will soon change as they are indoctrinated by the EU. Is
there a connection between the fall of the USSR and the rise of the EUSSR, as former
Soviet dissident Vladimir Bukovksy[1] has indicated? Have we entered the Cold War, part
2? I notice how many former Marxists now passionately support multiculturalism and
mass immigration, and listened to one prominent Communist “intellectual” in my country
attack free speech as a concept a few days ago. Could the European Union ever have
been a good idea, or was it flawed from its very inception? That’s something to ponder.
I’m willing to consider the possibility that something “went wrong” with the EU at some
point, but right now I’m leaning towards the conclusion that the EU has always been a
flawed institution. Most of us just didn’t see it for what it was.
Lastly, I will focus on Milton Friedman, who along with F. Hayek is one of the villains of
Klein’s book. According to her, Friedman has stated that “only a crisis — actual or
perceived — produces real change. When that crisis occurs, the actions that are taken
depend on the ideas that are lying around. That, I believe, is our basic function: to
develop alternatives to existing policies, to keep them alive and available until the
politically impossible becomes politically inevitable.” Friedman believes that during a
crisis, we only have a brief window of opportunity before society slips back into the
“tyranny of the status quo,” and that we need to use this opportunity or lose it.
This is actually very good advice, and it’s in my view the strategy Western survivalists
should now follow. When I first started blogging I was concerned with how we could “fix
the system.” I’ve gradually come to the conclusion that the system cannot be fixed, and
perhaps shouldn’t be fixed. Not only does it have too many enemies, it also has too many
internal contradictions. If we define the “system” as mass immigration from alien
cultures, globalism, multiculturalism and suppression of free speech in the name of
“tolerance,” then this is going to collapse. It’s inevitable.
The goal of Western survivalists — and that’s what we are — should not be to “fix the
system,” but to be mentally and physically prepared for its collapse, and to develop
coherent answers to what went wrong and prepare to implement the necessary remedies
when the time comes. We need to seize the window of opportunity, and in order to do so,
we need to define clearly what we want to achieve.
What, exactly, is Western civilisation? What went wrong with it, and how can we survive
and regenerate as a vulnerable minority in an increasingly hostile world?
Let the debate begin.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/06/strategy-of-western-survivalists.html
1. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/865
2.82 Christianity, Pros and Cons
By Fjordman
Blogger Vanishing American[1] continues what is gradually becoming one of the most
important discussions of our age: What role does, or should, Christianity play in Western
civilisation? Is it the bedrock of our culture[2], as Robert Spencer of Jihad Watch thinks,
and is our decline associated with abandoning it? Or is Christianity, as John Derbyshire
puts it[3], a religion for once and future slaves, an ideology that is now fueling globalist
ideals and undermining our borders through mass immigration?
The Christian-non-Christian divide is perhaps the most difficult divide to overcome within
the West today. I’m struggling with this myself. Some of the criticism of Christianity, or at
least the way many Western Christians are behaving now, is legitimate. I have heard
Catholics claim that multiculturalism and Political Correctness are tied to Protestant
culture. I’m willing to consider that possibility. There are significant doctrinal differences
between Catholics and Protestants regarding redemption and the sinful nature of man.
Maybe some of this is tied to the Protestant concept of “salvation through Faith alone.”
However, when it comes to just plain old-fashioned dhimmitude and abandoning national
borders, Catholics are at least as bad as Protestants.
The Second Vatican Council from the 1960s was good for reaching out to Christians of
other denominations, Protestant and Orthodox, and for reaching out to Jews. The
problematic aspect is in relations to Islam. The big Achilles’ heel of Christians in general,
and of Jews, when confronted with Islam is the idea of a “shared community of
monotheists worshiping the God of Abraham.” As long as this myth is maintained,
Christianity can actually in certain situations be a bridge for Islam to enter the West,
rather than a bulwark against it. I have seen more than once Christians making common
cause with Muslims as “men of faith” against the godless forces of secularism. I notice,
however, that Christians hardly ever do the same with, say, Hindus, so it must have
something to do with a shared sense of monotheism.
Christianity is growing fast in South Korea. It is interesting to see how newly converted
Christians react in non-Western nations. I’ve been critical of Christianity sometimes
because it is one of the impulses behind the Western inability to protect our borders, and
it is. But it is Christianity within a specific cultural-ideological context that reacts like this.
Koreans don’t have the same problem, as far as I know. Nor did we, until the 1960s and
70s. So what changed? It can’t all be related to Christianity, can it?
As vanishing American writes[4]:
These days we hear so many arguments against Christianity, such as from the
‘proselytising atheists’ like Dawkins and Hitchens, and then we hear the arguments from
the secular right which attack Christianity for being too pacifistic. The atheists claim that
Christianity fomented violence, and that it is as militant and bloodthirsty as Islam, or in
fact worse, and on the other side, we hear that Christianity is a religion of slaves, which
weakens and emasculates the West. So Christianity gets it from both sides; it’s too
militant, it causes wars and persecutions, and at the same time, it's a religion that turns
men into milquetoast pacifists. Does this make any sense?
Christianity contains elements of both militancy and pacifism, but it is not one or the
other. […] We know that our forefathers did not believe Christianity commanded them to
be pacifists, or to erase borders and nations. To assert that they, for centuries, were
wrong and that we are the first generation to really understand Christianity and the Bible
is arrogant in the extreme. If anything, we today, on the average, are far more ignorant
than our ancestors where the Bible and the faith are concerned. If anybody is wrongly
handling the word of God, it is likely to be us, not our forefathers. Their brains were at
least not addled by nonsense and Political Correctness, and I trust the consensus of our
forefathers through the centuries rather than the consensus among today’s compromised
generation.
In a comment on VA’s blog one of his readers writes[5]:
I used to be a devout, practicing Christian. Today, I cannot recognise myself in any brand
of Christianity currently available. Nor am I alone. Many of my friends tell me: “I can't
enter any church now without having to leave my brain at the door.”
In this regard, the evangelist, fundamentalist churches are no better than the liberal
ones. I once attended a presentation at a nearby Pentecostal church about Third World
poverty. The cause? Lack of infrastructure. All we had to do was dig deeper into our
pockets and the problem would be solved.
I’m sorry to say this but the cause is deeply rooted and largely intractable, at least in the
short term. We will not help the world’s poor by welcoming them to our shores. We will
simply destroy ourselves in the process.
John Derbyshire is more right than wrong. Yes, medieval Christianity had no qualms
about resisting invaders, but medieval Christians (as Protestants love to point out) had
adulterated their faith with pagan beliefs. Over the past few centuries, Christianity has
stripped itself of its pagan accretions. In the process, it has become as much a threat to
ourselves and our loved ones as Marxism used to be, if not more so.
That sounds like a harsh judgment. It is.
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2383
1. http://vanishingamerican.blogspot.com/
2. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/017941.php
3. http://pajamasmedia.com/2007/08/christianity_good_islam_bad.php
4. http://vanishingamerican.blogspot.com/2007/08/which-christianity-part-ii.html
5. http://vanishingamerican.blogspot.com/2007/08/which-christianity.html
2.83 The Church – Part of the Problem or Part of the Solution?
By Fjordman
Although not a religious person myself, I am usually in favor of a revitalisation of
Christianity in Europe[1]. However, I sometimes have my doubts when I see how many,
too many, church leaders consistently end up on the wrong side of issues related to Islam
and Muslim immigration.
Bat Ye’or[2] claims that dhimmitude[3] in the Middle East has often progressed because
Christian leaders have sold out their own people, either for short-term personal gains or
in the mistaken belief that they have a “shared religious heritage” with Muslims. It is also
frequently Christian leaders and bishops in the West[4] who are calling for open
borders[5] for poor, destitute Muslims because “it is the Christian thing to do.”
The Protestant Lutheran Church in the German city of Hannover organised an exhibition
to acquaint the Germans with Islam. The exhibition, entitled “The Faces of Islam[6],” was
the work of the female students of the Protestant Studies Institute in Aachen. On Palm
Sunday in 2006, a Protestant church in Bochum, Germany celebrated Muhammad’s
birthday[7] and invited the local Turkish community to attend the service. A Turkish
music band played Sufi music during the service, in which Protestants and Muslims joined
together in honour of Muhammad.
In the UK, church leaders wanted to invite the families of the London suicide bombers[8]
to a national memorial service in honour of the victims. Two senior Church of England
bishops believed that extending the invitation to the bombers’ families would
acknowledge their own loss and send a powerful message of reconciliation to the Muslim
community. Dr John Sentamu, the Archbishop of York, urged the nation to unite and turn
would-be suicide bombers into friends by building “an inclusive circle of love[9].”
The same Archbishop has also said that British Christians should see Muslims as allies in
the struggle against secularism[10]. A number of Christian, and some Jewish, leaders
shared this point of view both during the death threats against Salman Rushdie and
during the Danish cartoon Jihad.
Meanwhile, in Indonesia, about 10,000 Christians have been killed[11] between 1998
and 2003 and about 1,000 churches have been burnt down by Muslim mobs. The radicals
want Indonesia to be the foundation of a Southeast Asian caliphate[12] that will launch
Jihad against other nations such as Singapore, Thailand, the Philippines and Australia
until they submit to Islam. In the Indonesian province Aceh, where sharia law officially
prevails, Muslim mobs razed a church in response to a forged (by a Muslim)
advertisement inviting Muslims to a Christian revival service. Witnesses said there were
over 100 Muslim men present[13], many of them carrying swords. They poured gasoline
over the building and set fire to it.
Why this aggressive reaction? According to Islamic law, Christians and Jews (not other
religious groups) can live in an area dominated by Muslims, but only if they accept their
status as second-rate citizens, dhimmis. This implies many restrictions, such as never
trying to convert or preach to Muslims, never to have a relationship with a Muslim
woman and never to say anything insulting about Islam or Muhammad. If even one
single person breaches any of these conditions, the entire dhimmi community will be
punished, and Jihad resumes. Notice that while Muslims, following each case of Islamic
terrorism, are quick to say that not all Muslims should be punished for the actions of a
few, this is precisely what sharia prescribes for non-Muslims.
What’s worse is that in practice, as in this case from Indonesia, attacks on non-Muslims
can be triggered by unconfirmed rumours, personal grudges by Muslims or outright lies.
In reality, this means that all non-Muslims will live with a constant, internalised fear of
saying or doing anything that could insult Muslims, which would immediately set off
physical attacks against them and their children. This state of constant fear is called
dhimmitude. Many Middle Eastern, Pakistani and Indonesian Christians know that as a
matter of survival, they must say one thing in public and another in private. They are
held hostage in their own countries[14].
In Egypt, a film depiction[15] of someone converting to Islam and then becoming
disillusioned with his new religion was enough to bring more than 5,000 protestors to the
church, get a nun stabbed and three people killed. Muslims interpreted it as a breach of
the traditional Islamic law mandating death for anyone who leaves Islam, and of the old
dhimmi laws forbidding non-Muslims to proselytise.
Bishop Armia of the Coptic Church in Egypt, which predates the 7th century Arab
invasion and preserves the last remainder of the language of the ancient pharaohs,
assured that “Copts would never tolerate anyone insulting Islam.” Coptic Pope Shenouda
III, knowing fully well that any provocation could mean mayhem and murder for his
fellow Copts, has reiterated that[16] “any remarks which offend Islam and Muslims are
against the teachings of Christ.”
Several recent incidents have demonstrated that Muslims are now trying to apply these
dhimmi rules to the entire Western world. The most important one was the burning of
churches and embassies triggered by the Danish cartoons depicting Muhammad. This
was, down to the last comma, exactly the way Muslims would treat the persecuted non-
Muslims in their own countries. The cartoon Jihad indicated that Muslims now felt strong
enough to apply sharia rules to Denmark, and by extension NATO. Hardly anybody in the
mainstream Western media made any attempts to explain this to the public.
In another case, angry protests raged across the Muslim world over a Newsweek
magazine report[17] that interrogators at the U.S. military prison Guantanamo Bay had
put the Koran on toilets, and in at least one case flushing it down. The escalating violence
prompted Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to urge Muslims to resist calls for violence.
“Disrespect for the Holy Koran is abhorrent to us all,” she said. Newsweek later retracted
their original article, which was found to be baseless.
In November 2002, days before the Miss World pageant in Nigeria, a Nigerian newspaper
published an article in which the writer suggested that Islam’s prophet, Muhammad,
would have approved the pageant and would have chosen a wife amongst the
contestants. The article sparked a Jihad riot in which over 200 people were killed and
thousands injured. The next day, the newspaper published an apology. The president of
Nigeria went on national television and condemned the newspaper. He said, “It could
happen anytime irresponsible journalism is committed against Islam.”
As one African observer later noted[18] about the Newsweek story, the reaction of the
White House in the United States was largely similar to that a Third World president gave
when faced with the same challenge. For Muslims, the world’s only remaining superpower
appeared to play the role of dhimmis.
Bishop Artemije, the spiritual leader of Kosovo’s beleaguered Serbs[19], has warned
against Western support for an independent state in the province, where Muslim
Albanians greatly outnumber Christian Serbs and have destroyed many churches and
monasteries under the auspices of NATO soldiers. The Bishop warns that independence
would reward ethnic cleansing of non-Muslims. Since 9-11, he said, “the United States
has been engaged in a global struggle against jihad terrorism, which threatens not just
America but peaceful people of all faiths and nationalities. That is why we who live in the
Serbian province of Kosovo and Metohija find it difficult to understand why so many
voices of influence in Washington support a course of action that would hand to the
terrorists a significant victory in Europe.”
While Muslims responded with deadly outrage to the now-retracted report by Newsweek
of alleged Koran desecration, there was little outcry when Islamic gunmen in 2002 holed
up in Bethlehem’s Church of the Nativity, assumed to be the birthplace of Jesus Christ,
used the Bible as toilet paper[20]. About 30 priests, monks and nuns, and more than 150
Palestinian civilians, who hid inside to escape a gun battle between Israelis and
Palestinians, remained inside the church with the armed militants for more than five
weeks. Some of the Palestinian fighters, who belonged to the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade,
part of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat’s Fatah organisation, were received as heroes
when they later returned to Gaza.
During the so-called Oslo peace process from the mid 1990s, while Palestinian authorities
received financial support from Western nations, Arafat increased the boundaries of
Bethlehem to include nearby Muslim villages, and encouraged Muslims to settle in the
city[21]. As a result, the percentage of Christians rapidly declined.
The Islamic gunmen were also responsible for the rape and murder of two Christian
teenage sisters[22]. The assailants claimed that the sisters had been murdered because
they were “prostitutes” and had been “collaborating” with Israeli security forces. “The
gangsters murdered the two sisters so that they would not tell anyone about the rape,”
said a family member. “Many Christian families have sent their daughters abroad for fear
they would come under attack by Muslim men.” “Some of the murderers were later killed
by the Israeli army, but others are now living in Europe after they had sought refuge in
the Church of Nativity. It’s absurd that Muslim men who rape and murder Christian girls
are given political asylum in Christian countries like Ireland, Spain and Italy.”
The irony is that the same sexual harassment and rape of non-Muslim women, part and
parcel of Jihad, is now spreading to cities in Western Europe[23] with many Muslim
immigrants[24].
Professor Weiner, Scholar in Residence at the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs,
provides an in-depth look[25] into the nearly uninterrupted persecution of Christians
throughout the decade since the Oslo peace process began. The Christians have shrunk
to less than 1.7 percent of the population in the Palestinian areas. “Tens of thousands
have abandoned their holy sites and ancestral properties to live abroad, while those who
remain do so as a beleaguered and dwindling minority,” Weiner said. “Their plight is, in
part, attributable to the adoption of Muslim religious law (sharia) in the constitution of
the Palestinian Authority. Moreover, the Christians have been abandoned by their
religious leaders who, instead of protecting them, have chosen to curry favor with the
Palestinian leadership.”
More than 500 Muslim men, chanting Allahu akbar, attacked the Christian village of
Taiba[26] east of Ramallah. “They poured kerosene on many buildings and set them on
fire. Many of the attackers broke into houses and stole furniture, jewelry and electrical
appliances,” said one resident. The attack was triggered by the murder of a Muslim
woman from the nearby village of Deir Jarir. Her family forced her to drink poison for
having had a romance with a Christian man from Taiba. Muslim men can marry Christian
women, but Islamic law forbids Muslim women from marrying Christian men. The
Christian community was thus collectively punished because it was rumoured that one of
their members had breached the rules of dhimmitude.
In a meeting attended by Robert Spencer, former Soviet dissident Natan Sharansky
noted[27] that Israel had again and again aided Christians – at their own request –
against Islamic violence and injustice, most notably when the Church of the Nativity was
occupied by Jihadists in 2002. Yet international Christian leaders, he said, have not
responded with similar gestures toward Israel. He is right. While Christians are
persecuted on a daily basis in Muslim nations and may soon be wiped out in the Holy
Land, Christian organisations in the West are too frequently engaged in “dialogue” with
Muslims and demonisation of Israel. Christians need to realise that they have much more
in common with other non-Muslims, not just Jews, but Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists and
Atheists, than they will ever have with Muslims. Jussi Halla-Aho, running for parliament in
Finland as an independent candidate, has come to some of the same conclusions[28] as I
have regarding the Leftist-Islamic cooperation in many Western nations: The Left milks
the working natives to maintain a predominantly idle immigrant population, who
thankfully vote for the Left. The welfare state society thus has to support two parasites,
each living in a symbiotic relationship with the other. This will eventually cause the
system to collapse. Why would anyone support a policy that leads to certain destruction?
Well, because a career politician never sets his sights 20, 50 or 100 years to the future
but instead focuses on the next election. The short-term focus of our democratic system
can thus, combined with Muslim immigration, turn into a fatal flaw.
But Halla-Aho asks an even more important question: “Why do the voters let all this
happen? It is because Westerners like to be ‘good’ people and believe that their fellow
men are equally good people. It is because they have humane values.” “It is because the
moral and ethical values of Western man have made him helpless in the face of
wickedness and immorality.”
Our Western “moral and ethical values” are profoundly influenced by Judeo-Christian
thinking. Will our openness to outsiders, our democratic system and our Christian
compassion, precisely the values that we cherish the most, render the West incapable of
withstanding Jihad? A good Christian has to turn the other cheek and love his enemies.
How are we to reconcile this with the reality that Muslims regard this as a sign of
weakness? And how can we fight sharia when bishops and church leaders are the first to
call for a “compassionate” immigration policy that allows masses of Muslims to settle
here? Christians argue that Europe’s problem is a cultural vacuum[29] created by the
retreat of church attendance and Christianity as a religion, which has paved the way for
Islam to enter. They have a point, as I have shown before. But some Christian groups are
opening the West to Islam, too, and the secular state doesn’t have to be insipid and
toothless. Far from it, it was secular states that fought and defeated the Fascist regimes
during WW2 and risked the destruction of the planet in the Cold War. The non-religious
authorities in China are far more ruthless in crushing any Islamic aggression than most
Christian countries are. Of course, the downside is that they are far more ruthless in
crushing anything deemed to be a potential challenge to their power.
Luckily, not all Christian leaders are appeasers of Islam. One of the intelligent ones
comes from Australia, a country that has been fairly resistant to Political Correctness.
They have taken serious steps towards actually enforcing their own borders, despite the
predictable outcries from various NGOs and anti-racists, and Prime Minister John Howard
has repeatedly proven to be one of the most sensible leaders in the Western world.
George Cardinal Pell[30], Archbishop of Sydney, tells of how September 11 was a wake-
up call for him personally[31]:
“I recognised that I had to know more about Islam.” “In my own reading of the Koran, I
began to note down invocations to violence. There are so many of them, however, that I
abandoned this exercise after 50 or 60 or 70 pages.” “The predominant grammatical form
in which jihad is used in the Koran carries the sense of fighting or waging war.” “Considered
strictly on its own terms, Islam is not a tolerant religion and its capacity for fear-reaching
renovation is severely limited.” “I’d also say that Islam is a much more war-like culture
than Christianity.” “I’ve had it asserted to me is that in the relationship between the Islamic
and non-Islamic world, the normal thing is a situation of tension if not war, or outright
hostility.”
Pope Benedict XVI, nicknamed “God’s rottweiler” as a cardinal, seems to embody
elements of both the sensible and the silly Christian ways of dealing with the Islamic
threat. Although Benedict has stressed the need for “reciprocity” in Christian-Muslim
relations and urged Islamic countries to ensure religious rights for Christian migrants, he
has also said that Christians should continue welcoming Muslim immigrants[32] with
open arms.
It caused an uproar in the Islamic world when Benedict XVI, as a part of a longer
dissertation, quoted a 14th century Byzantine emperor’s hostile view[33] of Islam’s
founder: “Show me just what Muhammad brought that was new, and there you will find
things only evil and inhuman, such as his command to spread by the sword the faith he
preached.” Benedict later said he was “deeply sorry” for the reaction to his comments on
Islam and that the quote he used from the medieval text about holy wars did not reflect
his personal thoughts. Although this technically constitutes a non-apology apology and
was deemed “unsatisfactory” by Muslims, many anti-Jihadists would have preferred the
Pope to use the opportunity to make a clearer stand against Islamic aggression.
Still, his comments raised public debate about the issue, and certainly marked progress
compared to his predecessor Pope John Paul II, who kissed the Koran in public in an
effort to reach out to Muslims.
I have described examples of incredible stupidity and appeasement from Christians in the
West, but also of courage and clarity of mind in standing up to Islamic aggression and
defending Western civilisation and the world from sharia. The ideological civil war within
the West is not just between secularists and religious people; it runs straight through the
Church itself.
Christians need to understand that there can be no peace or understanding with the
Islamic world. They want to subdue us, pure and simple. Church leaders of all
denominations, Protestant, Catholic, Orthodox, must stop stabbing Israel in the back and
campaigning for a de facto open borders policy while Muslims are threatening to swamp
our lands. Yes, Christianity teaches compassion, but it also teaches identifying evil and
standing up to it. At the end of the day, the Church must decide whether, in the defence
of civilisation, it wants to be a part of the problem or a part of the solution.
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1357
1. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/08/do-we-need-god.html
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/840
3. http://www.dhimmitude.org/
4. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1051
5. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1053
6. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/004607.php
7. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1055
8. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/007968.php
9. http://news.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30000-1227104,00.html
10. http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/england/north_yorkshire/5343940.stm
11. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,3-1707254,00.html
12. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/007778.php
13. http://www.compassdirect.org/en/display.php?page=breaking&lang=en&length=long&idelement=4530
14. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/013149.php
15. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=19949
16. http://www.theage.com.au/news/world/egypts-top-christian-leader-denounces-comments/2006/09/16/1158334731782.html
17. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=15835&only
18. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/006484.php
19. http://www.chroniclesmagazine.org/cgi-bin/newsviews.cgi/TheBalkans/Kosovo/A_Bishop_s_Lonely_S.html?seemore=y
http://52.094.5.120plusf13:QIwqcku617898918787ЖР
20. http://www.rense.com/general25/bibles.htm
21. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/009438.php
22. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/008666.php
23. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/07/norwegian-authorities-still-covering.html
24. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/12/immigrant-rape-wave-in-sweden.html
25. http://www.jcpa.org/christian-persecution.htm
26. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/007975.php
27. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=20341
28. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/08/multicultural-discourse-in-finland-and.html
29. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1053
30. http://ncronline.org/mainpage/specialdocuments/Pelltranscript.htm
31. http://www.sydney.catholic.org.au/Archbishop/Addresses/200627_681.shtml
32. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/011442.php
33. http://www.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,1534640-1,00.html
2.84 Thou Shalt Hate Christianity and Judaism
By Fjordman
As a non-religious person, but still one that acknowledges and respects the impact of
Judeo-Christian thinking on Western culture, I have warned against naive Christian
compassion[1] related to Muslim immigration, as well as a disturbing tendency among
too many Christian organisations to ally themselves with Muslims, for "religious values"
and against Israel. But frankly, the most useful allies Muslims have in the West more
often than not tend to be found among the non-religious crowd.
A number of executives and star presenters at the British Broadcasting Corporation
admitted what critics already knew: The BBC[2] is dominated by Left-leaning liberals who
are anti-American and biased against Christianity, but sensitive to the feelings of
Muslims. Former BBC business editor Jeff Randall said he complained to a very senior
news executive about the BBC's pro-Multicultural stance, but was given the reply: "The
BBC is not neutral in multiculturalism: it believes in it and it promotes it."
The anti-Christian element seems to be a trait shared by Multiculturalists in all Western
countries. Thomas Hylland Eriksen[3] is a professor of social anthropology at the
University of Oslo. He has written many books and is a frequent contributor of newspaper
essays. He is also leading a major project for studying the Multicultural society in
Norway.
Hylland Eriksen has proclaimed the death of nations as if he took pleasure in it, and has
stated that the Nidaros Cathedral (Nidarosdomen), the most significant church in the
country, should no longer serve as a national symbol in our Multicultural society. Mr.
Eriksen has recently clashed[4] with two brothers named Anfindsen, who run the
bilingual website HonestThinking.org.
According to[5] Hylland Eriksen, "Cosmopolites insist on a world comprising of more
colours than black and white. In such a world, the problems presented by Ole-Jørgen
Anfindsen are not just petty, but irrelevant."
What are the problems presented by Mr. Anfindsen? Well, he has published numbers
indicating that if the current immigration continues, native Norwegians will be a minority
in their own country within a couple of generations. And a large proportion of the new
population will be Muslims.
Given the fact that ethnic groups who become minorities in their own lands usually have
a hard time, and virtually always get persecuted when the newcomers are Muslims, one
would assume that this would be interesting information. But for self-proclaimed
"Multicultural cosmopolites" such as Thomas Hylland Eriksen, it is "petty and irrelevant"
to even consider that this could represent a problem.
Eriksen calls Anfindsen "stupid and ignorant," and hints that "Maybe Anfindsen's agenda
is inspired by a kind of perverted Christianity (he has a Christian background)."
"He has a Christian background." Is that supposed to be an insult, and disqualify a
person from worrying about whether his grandchildren will be persecuted? In a
newspaper essay co-authored by Eriksen, he states that: "Is he [Anfindsen] asking us to
once again repeat the obvious in that the murder of Theo van Gogh, various acts of
terrorism and death threats against newspaper editors have nothing to do with Islam?"
Nothing to do with Islam? Really?
Mohammed Bouyeri[6], born in Amsterdam of Moroccan parents, killed Theo van Gogh as
he was cycling in Amsterdam on Nov. 2, 2004, shooting and stabbing before slashing his
throat and pinning a note to his body with a knife. "I did what I did purely out my
beliefs," he told judges while clutching a Koran[7]. "I want you to know that I acted out
of conviction and not that I took his life because he was Dutch or because I was
Moroccan," but because he believed van Gogh insulted Islam in his film criticising the
treatment of Muslim women.
So a peaceful Christian is accused of having a dark, secret agenda, while a Muslim
murderer who brags openly about his Islamic motivations has nothing to do with Islam?
Needless to say, Mr. Hylland Eriksen is also rather anti-Israeli. Christians and Jews are
bad, Muslims are "misunderstood." This confirms my thesis that Political Correctness is a
hate ideology[8] disguised as "tolerance." It is based upon hate against anything
considered Western and a desire to eradicate this.
The First Commandment of multiculturalism is: Thou shalt hate Christianity and Judaism.
Multiculturalists also hate nation states, and they even hate the Enlightenment, by
insisting that non-Western cultures should be above scrutiny.
It is sometimes claimed that Islam is a "European" or Western religion. Ironically, we can
test this by using "cosmopolitan Multiculturalists" such as Mr. Hylland Eriksen. They hate
everything that's seen as Western and they like Islam, precisely because it's anti-
Western.
Is religion a necessary component of society? Catholic historian Christopher Dawson
wrote in his book "Progress and religion" from 1929:
"It is the religious impulse which supplies the cohesive force which unifies a society and a
culture. The great civilisations of the world do not produce the great religions as a kind of
cultural by-product; in a very real sense the great religions are the foundations on which
the great civilisations rest. A society which has lost its religion becomes sooner or later a
society which has lost its culture"
Alexis de Tocqueville, the French 19th-century political thinker, stated in Democracy in
America[9]:
"Religion in America takes no direct part in the government of society, but it must be
regarded as the first of their political institutions; for if it does not impart a taste for
freedom, it facilitates the use of it. Indeed, it is in this same point of view that the
inhabitants of the United States themselves look upon religious belief. I do not know
whether all Americans have a sincere faith in their religion – for who can search the human
heart? – but I am certain that they hold it to be indispensable to the maintenance of
republican institutions."
Lee Harris[10] is the author of Civilisation and Its Enemies and The Suicide of Reason.
According to him, Christian Europe was a fusion of diverse elements: The Hebrew
tradition, Christianity, the Roman genius for law and the Germanic barbarians' love of
freedom, among others. What created the communities of reasonable men that
eventually made modern reason possible? This was the question taken up by Johann
Herder:
"What were the necessary conditions of the European Enlightenment? What kind of culture
was necessary in order to produce a critical thinker like Immanuel Kant himself? When
Kant, in his Critique of Pure Reason, methodically demolished all the traditional proofs for
the existence of God, why wasn't he torn limb from limb in the streets of Königsburg by
outraged believers, instead of being hailed as one of the greatest philosophers of all time?"
For Herder, modern scientific reason was the product of European cultures of reason, the
world-historical encounter between Biblical faith and Greek philosophical inquiry, "with
the subsequent addition of the Roman heritage."
The 19th-century German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer was an atheist. Yet
according to him, it was the Christian idea of God that permitted Europeans to believe
that the universe was a rational cosmos.
As Harris points out, "Human beings will have their gods--and modern reason cannot
alter this. Can even the most committed atheist be completely indifferent to the
imaginary gods that the other members of his community continue to worship?"
And if modern reason required a pre-existing community of reasonable men before it
could emerge in the West, maybe modern reason "must recognise that its own existence
and survival demand both an ethical postulate and a religious postulate. The ethical
postulate is: Do whatever is possible to create a community of reasonable men who
abstain from violence, and who prefer to use reason. The religious postulate is: If you are
given a choice between religions, always prefer the religion that is most conducive to
creating a community of reasonable men, even if you don't believe in it yourself."
According to Theodore Dalrymple[11], the underlying problem in Western Europe in
particular is a lack of purpose, which gives rise to a large amount of social pathology:
"Quite a large proportion of the population does not derive any self-respect from having to
work for a living because some people are no better off if they work than if they do not
work [due to the welfare state]." They "do not feel they belong to any larger project than
their private lives. (…) I am not myself religious. However, I am not anti-religious. I am
pro-religion provided that it is not theocratic, so long as there is still a division between
church and state."
Dalrymple also believes[12] that "Discipline without freedom leads to misery, but
freedom without discipline leads to chaos, shallowness, and misery of another kind,"
alluding to the total lack of freedom in Islam, but also to the seeming lack of direction in
the West.
I agree with Harris and Dalrymple: As long as there is separation between religion and
state, those of us who don't have any religious belief should prefer religions which tend
to create reasonable and prosperous communities. Our traditional Judeo-Christian
religions have proven this capability. Islam never has, and probably never will. As
Australia's Cardinal George Pell[13] says, "some seculars are so deeply anti-Christian,
that anyone opposed to Christianity is seen as their ally. That could be one of the most
spectacularly disastrous miscalculations in history."
Indeed it could. Maybe if Western Multiculturalists get their will, and Islam does conquer
parts of the West, they will discover that the new religion is infinitely worse than the old
one. Of course, by then it will be too late.
Source:
http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/013705.php
1. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/013179.php
2. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/news.html?in_article_id=411846&in_page_id=1770
3. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Hylland_Eriksen
4. http://www.document.no/weblogg/archives/010192.html
5. http://www.dagbladet.no/kultur/2006/09/23/477597.html
6. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/007124.php
7. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/010004.php
8. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/09/what-is-nature-of-multiculturalism.html
9. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1192
10. http://www.weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/000/000/012/736fyrpi.asp?pg=1
11. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1345
12. http://www.city-journal.org/html/eon2006-03-13td.html
13. http://ncronline.org/mainpage/specialdocuments/Pelltranscript.htm
14. http://48.871.2.310plusf65:JEockwk658246375668ЊБ
2.85 A future Christian identity for Europe?
By Kyle Spotswood
Most commentators understand ‘Politics’ as the pursuit of power within a given
relationship. Politics it is said is the art of this world, and the science of society, Robert
Hutchins defined politics as: ‘the architectonic science, which determines what shall be
studied in the state.’ For us politics shall be as David Martin explains: ‘the arena within
which authority, violence, cohesion, and the maintenance of boundaries are
conspicuously at play’. ‘Religion’ is understood by most commentators as being a generic
term referring to ways of life other than the Liberal Modern, such as, ‘Christianity’ and
‘Islam’ et cetera. However, as we have discussed earlier, ‘religion’, is a practice within the
much larger worldview of Christianity. As Christianity is a way of life, and life involves
power relationships, Christianity is at once a political way of life. One can not separate
out ones politics from ones faith and beliefs, they are intertwined as ones beliefs effects
ones politics. Thus, within the Christian worldview, there is no separation of ‘Christianity’
and ‘politics’, as distinct spheres, ‘politics’ is but another sphere of the way of life that is
Christianity. Politics is subsumed within Christianity.
Within Christian political thought there has been traditionally a distinction, if not a
separation, of the institution of the state and the institution of the church. Ironically, this
distinction Liberal Secular Democracies inherited from a Christian political entity called
‘Christianitas,’ more commonly known as Christendom. The distinction was made to safe
guard the institutional church from being interfered with by the kings, (and other leading
members of the laity) in its appointment of Bishops and clergy. The idea of ‘secular’ and
‘religious’, referred to the power of the king and bishops in their respective spheres and
execution of duties, one concerned with the temporal and profane, the other with the
spiritual and sacred. The church to bring men to salvation, and the state to create
Christian peace, order and justice: the best environment in which the church can perform
its task. The state had the extra role of defending the church from pagans, infidels,
heathens and helping to suppress heretics. (Much like Liberal Modernity suppresses
Nazism, Radical Islam, Communism, Dictators, Despots, and let’s not forget Christianity,
when these ideologies take root in a society and it is no longer in its best interest to
support them!) There are various Christian political theories which outline how the state
and the church should relate; just to list some of them. (I should note that the
explanation that I am about to give has in it an ecumenical reading, which one may not
see looking at these formulations within their particular historical context) there is idea
of:
Concordat: where the state and the church as two separate entities agree boundaries
between the two and separate spheres of responsibility. This assumes the state is willing
to recognise the church in some way but is not necessarily Christian.
Erastianism: where it is postulated that if everyone in a given society is Christian then
the state should control the church. This assumes a completely Christianised society.
Establishment: this is where within a given state the church is given preference above
that of other faiths, though they may be tolerated to some degree. This assumes a
context of some diversity in matters of beliefs.
Symphony: Where the leaders of the state and the leaders of the church and state
submit to one another in matters regarding their distinct spheres, one with the salvation
of the soul and the other with regards to the running of secular affairs. This assumes a
Christian society.
Caesero-Papism: Where a Christian monarch rules the state in matters of religious
organisation as he rules in matters of secular organisation, though this is not to do with
matters of faith but rather structure. This assumes at least a Christian monarch.
Christendom: Where the state and the church work jointly to govern society in there
separate spheres but where the church takes a lead in the direction of secular affairs
including governments.
We should note however that these approaches are more concerned with the idea of how
the institution of the church and the institution of the state should relate, they each
assume a predominantly Christian society with the exception of concordat which assumes
at best an ambivalent state.
Our discussion however will begin at a slightly different nuance concerned with Christian
politics, identity and a Christian political agenda in a modern world, which is a subtly
different discussion to ones with which the above are concerned. It begins with the
assumption of ‘the one ecumenical catholic church militant’ in the setting of a non-
Christian world or post Christian world with varying degrees of hostility to its existence.
Christianity has increasingly become perceived as being linked by some, to a bygone
culture, having already lost its political direction, cohesion, and influence. The wall that
both Martin Luther and Thomas Jefferson spoke of has switched, in modern times it is no
longer a means by which the Church defends its rights and position over the state, as in
pre-modern times, but rather how the state increases its power over the Church.
Historically there have always been tensions between the powers secular and the powers
religious, which in times gone by through the prides of men resulted in out right conflict
between the two; however, with the emergence of the modern secular state and its
incumbent ‘ideology of reason’. This ‘wall’, has become the means via which the state has
secured power away from the church and is challenging the identity of Christians as well.
Attacking our beliefs and values and presenting modern liberal alternatives in short all
that makes us who we are as Christians by presenting alternatives with the assumption
that these alternatives are better and the polemical engagement of the ‘enlightenment’
elite. The Liberal Moderns command the heights of the wall. This process is called
differentiation: where the state, driven by the ‘ideology of reason’, ‘the religion of
humanity’, or more simply - Liberal Modernity, seized what were once church roles. This
forced conversion of society has pushed the Christian faith back into a metaphysical box,
where some argued it would die an irrelevant death. Such as speculated by Marx and
others, and assumed by Nietzche!
Clearly for Christianity to be authentically political, it must attempt to set the paradigm in
which politics plays its self out. Contexts are all important, for what is a left wing cause
among the Aymora of Bolivia, is a right wing cause among the Greeks of Albania. What
we have seen in modern times is the slow erosion by enlightenment militia, upon
Christianity’s presence in the structures of power that mould the paradigm of culture and
society. Christians must reclaim the commanding heights of media, parliaments, councils,
business and governmental authority. They must storm the walls between church and
state and remove all traces of Liberal Modernity. They must do so from an authentically
Christian narrative and worldview.
Christian political thought therefore cannot concede that the secular realm should have
been, should be or should remain, in the hands of a godless ideology. Within a Christian
political framework, however, it is so conceived (and there are a variety of opinions;
some listed earlier) that both the secular and religious realms were supposed to be filled
with Christians and Christian thought working together for the good of all. Christianity
then is highly political, and political actions themselves are subject to the service of God,
in the form of political devotion, much like religious devotion or spiritual devotion.
“When Christians enter politics they have a long and rich tradition upon which to draw,
but their influence lies not in the authority of that tradition, but on the efficacy of the
programmes and solutions they propose.”
Christians need to fashion a more robust Christian culture and community, rather than
allowing themselves to be assimilated into the world around them. Where the church
merely takes its cues from wider culture it ends up being the puppet of the state; much
like the Dutch Reformed church of South Africa through the apartheid. When it has a
strong sense of its own identity it can speak both authentically and clearly for its own
political values and agenda!
Christianity however, goes further, it transforms the very understanding of politics, for
politics is never about domination, it is about service. Liberal Democratic political culture
is thankfully influenced by this Christian imperative, even though its view of what is the
‘common good’ is seriously in need of refinement. The ‘common good’ must be measured
in how one is brought towards or away from relationship with the living God, this should
be the end of goal of all branches of government from economics right through to foreign
policy. The present end goal of Liberal Modern states is how each person and community
can be grafted into the economy, this is what is interpreted as being the common good.
However, this suffers from an ideological blind spot that has been the bane of Liberal
Modernity from the outset. Humans are more than material beings! A Christian state
would be more balanced in its approach to the material and spiritual needs of its citizens;
contrary to the extreme materialism fashioned by Liberal Modernity. For example the
truth and reconciliation commissions that are now working in South Africa, El Salvador,
Rwanda, Northern Ireland, and has even been imported into Bosnia, as a means of
reconciling countries with a history of division; accepting the non material solutions to
real problems faced in society.
Christians then must commit themselves to the struggle of bringing to bear every
political framework to perfect submission under God! One is pained however, to dispel
any illusions that this translates into forcing anyone to become Christian, no more than
our present Liberal Modern society would accept that it forces people to become
materialist consumers; people will be free to opt out of the main stream of Christian
culture. Within Christian political thought one leads by serving, one does not lead to
serve or lead to be served. This is an important distinction, in societies where leaders,
lead to be served, we often see horrific abuses of power, such as with Stalin, Hitler, and
Saddam. Leadership based around the notion to serve, we have seen, has a tendency to
see it despoiled by disingenuous politicians, or by those who have an idea to serve their
own interested parties. We see that in most politicians in most modern democracies.
However, a leader in a Christian society becomes a leader because he/she is already
serving the people before he/she receives any authority, his/she record is established
long before he/she find themselves in political office. Corrosive social attitudes cultivated
through notions of ‘celebrity culture’ would be undermined; they would in due course
become retarded. It would be in doctors, nurses, servicemen, priests and pastors,
community workers and the like, that society would find its heroes, not in trivial actors,
singers, and sports figures. A Christian society would value holiness, learning and
communal service above that of selfish self-gain and self-promotion.
Christian political thought is not bound to any one system of government, it is not
innately dictatorial or democratic, whether there is rule of law or rule of power; Christian
political thought can exist in many political realities. However, no matter the political
system: electoral, oligarchy, totalitarian, confederacy or federation, republican or
monarchical; one thing that remains is the idea that in some way government is firstly
accountable to the revealed will of God. By whatever system of accountability employed,
the government of whatever nature, is held accountable by the Christian militant, in how
it subscribes to the cause of God in terms of the needs of The Kingdom. Also its service
rendered to the servants of Christ in the pursuit of their call to holiness and the fulfilment
of the ‘Great Commission’ . In this respect all truly Christian political systems are innately
Theocratic; in that they seek to allow God to rule. Christian commentators have
suggested various ways that this could be done via human agency, in keeping with
apostolic authority, or through acting upon the clear writ of scripture as interpreted by
those of sufficient training. Alas, no matter the medium used, the aim is the same, to
make real the revealed will of God on earth. This requires the Church and State to work
in unison.
However, some may argue that this is impossible, that men can not bring about God’s
kingdom here on earth, alas, they miss the point - we do not need to, The Lord Christ did
this two thousand years ago, this would merely be and expression of The Kingdom on
earth. It would be no more perfect than our present democracies are perfect (to their
own principles), and God knows they are not perfect! Democracies constantly fail to
reflect the true will of the people, by their very nature they can not; however, they
attempt to reflect the will of the people, though in actual fact, this tends to be the will of
the rich and better off! In the same way, Christian theocracies can not hope to reflect
perfectly God’s will, but would attempt to reflect God’s will on earth.
Now some, let’s call them ‘drama queens’, immediately draw parallels to Islamic or
medieval theocracies , seemingly forgetting that we are neither in the middle ages nor
are we Islamic. Societies reflect their gods and as Islam reflects a god of ‘will’ in the
Shari’ah, and Liberal Modernity reflects a god of mammon in Capitalism, a Christian state
reflects a God of love in theocracy. Should we dismiss a form of government for its past
errors then we should dismiss all forms of governments and become anarchistic, for none
are without their mistakes, and none have been perfect! However, only one can claim to
be a priori and deontologically correct, and that is a Christian theocracy. Liberal Modern
relativistic arguments have no bearing due to their own laughable inconsistencies, as it
claims that ‘all truth claims are relative’, except this most relative of all claims to truth;
by which it seeks to govern all others! However, one hardly believes that the ‘irreligious’
will be ‘equally willing to accept the prescription of non establishment’ , that prescription
only exists for those unlike themselves. It is one rule for the Christians and another rule
for the Liberal Moderns!
Further more, Christian politics is not confined to any nation state; it is ‘internationalist’,
within the present context of the world. It recognises no border, or authority above that
of its King. Therefore, where there is a single Christian being persecuted it is the concern
of every Christian to come to his/her assistance by every justifiable means including, but
not necessarily…war! Much like Liberal Modern states believe that it is their right to wage
war on those that offend their concept of ‘human rights’. So it is the right and duty of
Christians to wage war on those that blaspheme our God and persecute our brethren.
The silence of a politically impotent church in the west with regards to its brethren
around the world is staggering – and quite telling of its spiritual state. The humiliations
and abuses of the persecuted church are too many to list, and are a denigration of their
Christian dignity. Only if the persecuted Christians lift themselves out of their state as
persecuted will they be able to live in dignity. This calls them and us to their liberation
and the usurpation of the status quo. The persecuted church should not depend upon
western imported theologies that justify their persecution, but instead fashion a theology
that begins with the articulation of their own experience as persecuted Christians. We
should understand the Church’s identity not through dogmatic preaching, but through the
historical reality of the persecuted church. Persecution of Christians and oppression of
Christianity is contrary to the will of God. Thus, ‘the universal and global church on earth’
should enter into solidarity with persecuted Christians wherever they are found. The
church should centre its life, not around sacraments, or dogmas, (though these should
never be done away with), but on the experiences and the cause of the martyred, and
the oppressed, and suffering Christian. Christians should come together and study and
support one another in tackling persecution and oppression of Christians. Theology
should be rooted in the experiences of the persecuted.
Source:
Kyle Spotswood (Sheffield) wrote, on Nov 2, 2007:
http://www.new.facebook.com/board.php?uid=2204703039#/topic.php?uid=2204703039&topic=3836
2.86 Conflict avoidance and how to avoid it
I’ve chosen to include the following essay as it shows how extreme egalitarianism
(extreme equality) rots a society from within. In our quest to appease everyone we are
destroying the principles, doctrines and cultures that made us exceptional in the first
place. Our traditional rather cynical and Spartan values, which resulted in that Europe
became the cradle of civilisation, have been allowed to develop into excessive decadence.
By Brett Stevens
The hardest thing about being a small hominid is that you run the risk, at any moment,
of screwing up and getting killed — and unlike other monkeys, you’re aware of it any
time a symbol of death or error comes up.
For this reason, most of human history has dealt with conflict resolution and ways to get
people going in different directions to work together. It makes us feel good to think we’re
banishing conflict because then we feel as if we’re safe from that conflict making us the
one who screws up and gets killed.
But over the years, we go from “conflict resolution” to “conflict avoidance,” meaning that
we no longer seek working solutions, but to stop the fighting. We assume the fighting is
the source of the disagreement, and not the other way around, as would be sane.
Nature, unlike humans, does not think in blocking single linear categories at a time, so
when we suppress conflict, we don’t eliminate it — we just squeeeeze it into another
realm. If we can’t fight with fists, we’ll fight in the courts, or in the ballot box, or just be
snippy with each other.
Passive aggression, the mentality created, arises from a desire to avoid conflict while a
need to fight still exists. If I’m seen doing something combative, I get in trouble; so I try
to provoke, needle, backstab, corrupt, etc. in order that I can destroy without seeming to
destroy, and get the other guy to be the one who lashes out and gets clobbered by the
other monkeys who just want the fighting to end.
All of these ideas are taboo because they cut through our pleasant illusion about
ourselves, which is that we’re not half-monkeys who rose a few sigma and now are able
to use tools but not fully manage our affairs. We like to think of ourselves as gods who
intend each of our actions as a benevolent gift to others; the reality is that we’re snarling
feral animals who’ve found a way to cloak our aggression in politeness, bureaucracy and
a pernicious herd morality.
Tom Wolfe and Mike Gazzaniga explore this passive aggression through a reasonable
measurement, which is social status. Status is how you feel you rank relative to your
neighbours, and it can be either material or moral. Material is whether their BMW is as
cool as yours; moral is whether they’re educated, enlightened, progressive people who
donate eyeglasses to the Bonobo like you:
TW: Every time we go into a room with other people, it’s as if we have a teleprompter in
front of us and it’s telling us the history of ourselves versus these people. We can’t even
think of thinking without this huge library of good information and bad information.
MG: When you get up in the morning, you do not think about triangles and squares and
these similes that psychologists have been using for the past 100 years.
You think about status. You think about where you are in relation to your peers. You’re
thinking about your spouse, about your kids, about your boss. Ninety-nine percent of
your time is spent thinking about other people’s thoughts about you, their intentions, and
all this kind of stuff.
Forum: Tom Wolfe and Michael Gazzaniga
For the last 2,000 years our preferred method of neutralising conflict has been to insist
on equality.
First, it was insisted that we were all equal in civic duty, so should get a vote.
Then, it was insisted that we were all equal in the eyes of God, as we all had souls.
A thousand years later, we upgraded that to the idea that we were all equal citizens in
potential, so we should have no limits of role or money.
None of these have worked, because in reality — that physically-convergent world out
there — we are not all equal, and in fact, nothing in life is. (Most parts of reality consist
of unevenly distributed values in a type of “standard distribution,” Poisson distribution or
the easily recognised “Bell Curve” with a few at top, a few at the bottom, and most on a
graceful convex in the middle.)
When we cannot recognise our inequality, and cannot accept conflict, we are ruled by our
fears. In turn, we create a society that because it orients itself around avoiding these
fears, sublimates its fear.
The result is the “crab mentality,” after the tendency of crabs in a bucket to crawl to the
top, in which we compete for social favor. This creates a pleasant surface notion of
equality and an underlying truth of constant covert conflict.
In addition, in order to preserve our good social standing, we insist on equality in
defiance of the facts, and by making equality such an assumption, we oblige ourselves to
tolerate incompetence. That in turn puts us in a society that is forever dysfunctional and
frustrating, but no one wants to be the first to admit they are un-polite and un-sociable
and don’t believe in equality.
In turn that gets us this:
New research from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University
explores why powerful people – many of whom take a moral high ground – don’t practice
what they preach.
The research finds that power makes people stricter in moral judgment of others – while
being less strict of their own behaviour.
“According to our research, power and influence can cause a severe disconnect between
public judgment and private behaviour, and as a result, the powerful are stricter in their
judgment of others while being more lenient toward their own actions,” he continued.
Science Daily
This public/private split occurs any time we insist on pretending an unrealistic thought is
real, more real than reality even since we use it to manipulate each other. In public, we
must kowtow to the dogma; in private, we have to get things done and/or become
violently self-assertive.
The cost of equality is that we throw out all truthfulness in order to seem like nice people
to each other.
It arises from our fear of evolving to the next stage, which would naturally occur from
our most capable people, because we’re afraid of personally being left behind — just as
we’re afraid of having a lower place in the current crab bucket of society.
As a result, instead of looking toward the future, we look toward the past — we look
backward, and try to divide up what exists, instead of making an even better vision of
our world.
Those who are most afraid become “activists” who go around telling us that it costs us
nothing to demand equality and suppress conflict, but then there are millions of details
like this:
In 2002, civil lawsuits cost the U.S. economy a reeling $233 billion. With the rise of civil
lawsuits over the last half a century, each American citizen is now estimated to pay a
“lawsuit tax” of anywhere between $700 and $800 a year (27 September 2004 US Fed
News). According to Secretary of Commerce Don Evans, if you take the total cost of tort
claims and judgments in the United States and divide it by the number of citizens in the
country, a tort tax of about $809 per capita results (15 December 2004 White House
Press Releases And Documents).
What’s more, lawsuit costs represented about 2 percent of the US Gross Domestic
Product, over $250 billion. Of this, the manufacturing sector bears a disproportionate
share of that, at 4.5 percent. (15 December 2004 White House Press Releases And
Documents). And costs are rising, with a reported 5.4% increase in the cost of civil
lawsuits from 2002 to 2003 (1 September 2005 Design Firm Management &
Administration Report).
Inside Prison
Allow no conflict, and people will take it to the courts, which will lead to irrational animal
conflict costing millions. How could that happen?
Imagine the other variables we could add:
• People driving slowly taking up to an additional half-hour of your time every day, for no
reason other than their own incompetence. Add that up over the course of a year and think
what you could have done with that time.
• Incompetents and dullards on the job must be tolerated, so every concept gets divided into
bite-size pieces, and soon you’re sitting through two-hour meetings where five minutes
among equals would have sufficed.
• Dumb people have no idea their actions have consequences, so they litter, commit crimes,
vandalise, or simply break things you might like to use.
• Look at all the areas of our cities that are no-fly zones because they’re inhabited by people
without a clue who ruin their own homes, riot, commit crimes, and so on. What else could
we do with that land?
• Fools are a politician’s best friend because they are easily manipulated. Since we cannot
call them fools, and make them unequal because they have rights, they’re there for any
corrupt manipulator to promise them the sky — in exchange for more power of course.
Do we need to go on? These people are taking you for a ride. You have one life and only
a certain amount of time in it, but that time is being taken away, passively, to support
incompetents!
You go along with it because you’re afraid. The idea of universal equality and rights
sounds good to us because we’re afraid as a group. If you the individual speak out
against it, the others may gang up and you and clobber you — for denying their denial of
reality.
The guilt and passive aggression that manipulates you has a huge cost, but all the people
who are afraid that they might be incompetent are going to insist on it, even if it means
that society as a whole moves like a person encased in lead, always pandering to the
weakest link in the chain.
The individuals around you are thinking like the crabs in the bucket: they want to claw
above you by appearing more egalitarian, more progressive, more compassionate than
you. They don’t care about the results of their actions. They’re just trying to get more
popular.
There are two real victims here: civilisation itself, which stops rising to a challenge and
starts collapsing inward; and yourself, because your time is wasted and all of those
resources of time, money and energy you could have applied to something constructive
are taken away.
It’s a reversal of evolution. Instead of seeking to get better, and when we find something
better spreading it around, we’re trying to avoid anything better because it might make
us look bad.
And they’re going to waste your life by slowing everyone down to the speed of that
weakest link in the chain.
The following article suggests on means of helping us past this difficult point in — not
history, but evolution itself — through psychological conditioning:
A recent study led by Phelps found that reminding people of the fearful stimuli, minus
any fear-inducing event, shortly before the extinction session can effectively block the
first memory. The finding could help improve therapies for overcoming fear.
The mechanism for the initial memory’s defeat could be that the initial quick reminder
induces the amygdala to store new information, Phelps explains. The window during
which the amygdala is “open” is fleeting, however, and could explain why the reminder
shown 10 minutes, but not six hours, before the first extinction session, eradicated fear.
As Phelps notes, relearning a memory, also known as reconsolidation, takes place much
faster, within several minutes, than learning the memory for the first time, or
consolidation.
Scientific American
You’re afraid of social trauma, which is when you do something and other people make
fun of you for it and exclude you, if not outright beat you with sticks.
In the past, you’ve accidentally said things that violated a social taboo, and people have
swooped in en masse to tell you how wrong you are. They may have summoned a priest,
some scientific studies of dubious scope, or the opinions of your favourite Hollywood
stars. They’re telling you that no matter what you see in reality, they are the ones to
define official truth — and hilariously, if you disagree, they’ll claim you are redefining
“commonly accepted” truth!
You can see the public/private split here. In public, we’re using opinions and logic and
science. In private, we’re animals struggling against each other for power, and the
cudgels we wield are disguised as opinions and logic and science.
With the above type of conditioning, and it wouldn’t take much, we could re-organise our
people. We should have public rallies where each participant steps out and says, “You
know, we’re not all equal and we can’t pander to the weakest link in the chain just so we
seem nicer than our neighbours.”
And in the presence of others of our community, we watch as nothing happens. No pain.
No nasty commentary. No cudgels. We learn instead to trust our own observations of
reality as it is, and stop projecting these social falsehoods onto it just so we can climb a
little higher in the social status game.
2.87 ”Western”, modern countries that never adopted multiculturalism - Japan,
South Korea and Taiwan
Japan’s and South Korea’s post-World War II forty-year economic growth surge without
immigration has always been an embarrassment to the immigration and multiculturalism
enthusiasts. In 1990, the then-Designated Enthusiast Economist Julian Simon was
reduced to admitting: "How Japan gets along I don't know. But we may have to
recognise that some countries are unique in their characteristics."
Western Europe have had a long and close friendship with these countries post WW2.
They have not initialised media campaigns portraying these countries as Nazis, boycotted
them economically or threatened them with invasion if they don’t start implementing
multiculturalism. It’s therefore quite contradictory to how Western Europe ridicule, harass
and persecute any and all individuals and groups in their own countries who support
monoculturalism.
Japan and multiculturalism
Japanese society, with its ideology of homogenity, has opposed multiculturalism which
has been adopted by Western Europe and the US.
Japan accepted just 16 refugees in 1999, while the United States took in 85,010 for
resettlement, according to the UNHCR. New Zealand, which is smaller than Japan,
accepted 1,140 refugees in 1999. Just 305 persons were recognised as refugees by
Japan from 1981, when Japan ratified the U.N. Convention Relating to the Status of
Refugees, to 2002.
Source:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-culturalism
South Korea and multiculturalism
South Korea is among the world's most ethnically homogeneous nations. Like Japah and
Taiwan, South Korea rejects the doctrine of multiculturalism. Most Koreans tend to
equate nationality or citizenship with membership in a single, homogeneous ethnic group
sharing the same "blood" and history. A common language and culture are also viewed as
important elements in Korean identity.
The idea of multiracial or multiethnic nations, like Canada or the United States, is
opposed in general and strikes many Koreans as odd or even contradictory.
Source:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-culturalism
China, Africa, the Islamic world and multiculturalism
The European cultural Marxists/multiculturalists often directly or indirectly claim that
everyone opposing multiculturalism are racists, fascists and Nazis. So according to their
logic China, Africa and the Islamic world are all Nazi regimes as they never implemented
multiculturalism. As of now, ONLY European countries (US, Canada, Aussie included) and
a few Hindu and Buddhist countries are actual multiculturalist regimes (India, Thailand
Phillipines and a couple more). So why the double standards? Why do they only use the
fascist/Nazi bashing rhetoric to paralyze all attempts of resistance in European nations
and against patriotic groups and individuals? The answer is discussed thoroughly in this
compendium. The phenomenon is called the self loathing complex also referred to as
“European guilt” in combination with the Marxist goal of destroying the European,
Christian, straight man. One of the primary beliefs of many Marxists is that everything
European is a cancer in the world that has to be exterminated. According to their logic;
Europeans are the cause of all the evil in the world so they must exterminate all
Europeans (deconstruct the European majority) in order to be able to create the Marxist
utopia of eternal peace and harmony.
Africa, China and the Islamic world
China is a monocultural country, just like African nations and a majority of countries in
the Islamic world. Everyone who has travelled and lived in Africa knows that all African
nations, with the exception of perhaps South Africa, are monocultural nations and they
are very racist towards all Europeans. I have personally experienced overwhelming
discrimination from the first second I set my foot in Kenya, Côte d'Ivoire and Liberia. And
you really don’t have to travel to African nations to comprehend this as it is a widely
known truth. Talk to ANY European visitor to Africa and ask if he would want to settle
there with his family and the answer would be “no”. This is primarily due to
discrimination. The same can be said about China and the Islamic world. While a
significant number of citizens in Islamic or Muslim countries are directly hostile to
Europeans, Chinese are usually just after your money. It is unbearable to live the rest of
your life in a country where there is a constant and an overwhelming danger of being
“Shanghaied”. My stepmother was the Norwegian Vice Counsul in Shanghai and I know
several Europeans working there. They are willing to “cope” for the duration of their
company term, as the pay is good, but they would never settle there permanently with
their families. I remember when I was in Shanghai a few years ago. During my three
week stay I had more than 10 people asking me to take a photograph with them.
Apparently, the Nordic appearance is a relatively rare sight, especially for rural Chinese
visiting the big cities during their vacation. While this can be a charming and even a
flattering experience, having a mob of people constantly glaring at you all day long is a
psychological burden. An example is when I went to Mc Donalds with my friend, Xun. He
is a Norwegian Chinese btw and he was my partner at one point, in Oslo, when I day
traded actively. He taught me advanced Chinese candlestick/MACD strategies in relation
to stock analysis. Anyway, at Mc Donalds as with anywhere, it is not likely that you will
enjoy your meal when you have 50 Chinese constantly glaring at you. During my stay in
Shanghai there were 5 attempts to Shanghai me (they target Europeans), one was
unfortunately successful (30 Euro demanded for a simple 1 Euro dish).
As for China on a state level, they actively use demographical warfare against Tibet and
areas populated by Muslim Uyghurs. China is a monocultural country, just like African
nations and a majority of countries in the Islamic world.
2.88 Democracy not working
By Fjordman
Currently, the democratic system is in my view not working properly in any Western
country. It is more or less dead in Western Europe, where most of the real power has
been transferred to the unelected organs of the European Union, anyway. Virtually all
Western countries have lost control over their borders. This is not a sustainable situation.
You can call your political system a democracy, a dictatorship, a republic, a monarchy or
whatever you want, but a country that does not control its territory will eventually die.
It's inevitable.
The situation is made worse by the fact that globalisation of transportation has put
severe pressure on our nations in a manner which was unthinkable only a few decades
ago. When the first Christian Gospels were written down at the end of the first century
AD, the population of the Roman Empire was about 60 million people. This mirrors the
annual global population growth in the early twenty-first century. In other words: The
global population grows by another Roman Empire every single year. Our system wasn't
designed for such numbers. It needs fundamental change, or it will soon collapse into
civil wars or dictatorships or both. We also have a situation where some left-wing parties
in particular deliberately import Muslims and others because they vote overwhelmingly
for left-wing parties. A political system where it pays to import enemies obviously isn't
sustainable.
When I criticise democracy, this should not be taken as an indication that I believe in
elitist rule. I criticise it because it clearly doesn't automatically ensure freedom of speech
and security for life and property, which is the hallmark of true liberty. Another problem
is that it isn't always the best system for long-term decisions because people tend to
prefer short-term gains. I still believe, however, that there should be a powerful element
of real public influence, to curtail the potential for absolute rulers and abuse of power. We
have clearly veered too far in the direction of the latter with the EU, where the ruling
elites have skillfully eliminated any constraints on their power.
The democratic system has significant flaws, but it worked to some extent as long as
there was sense of being a demos, a people with a shared identity and common
interests. What we are witnessing now is the gradual breakdown of this demos, starting
from the top down. Powerful groups frequently have more in common with the elites in
other countries than they have with the average citizen in their own. If you no longer
believe in your nation as a real entity with a specific culture, it simply becomes a tool for
obtaining power, a stepping stone for your global career. Without a pre-political loyalty,
emotional ties or even a pragmatic interest in supporting nation states, the democratic
system becomes a vehicle for distributing favors to your friends at home and abroad, for
fleecing the voters while in power and hopefully ensuring a lucrative international career
along the way. You will have few moral inhibitions against importing voters from abroad
for maintaining power or because your business buddies who give you financial support
desire it. This process is related to technological globalisation, but it has gone further in
the self-loathing West than in any other civilisation.
Average citizens who still identify with their nation states thus keep electing people who
betray their trust. Since the elites identify little with the nations they are supposed to
serve, more power to them will only make matters worse, as it already has in Europe.
Corrupt and incompetent individuals will always exist. If you get a corrupt leader every
now and then you are dealing with a flawed individual. If you constantly, again and
again, get corrupt leaders you are dealing with a flawed system. Our political system is
now deeply flawed. The problem is that I cannot easily see how to fix it.
The most important thing to realise is that democracy is a tool, a means we use to
achieve an end. Too many people now confuse it with the end itself. "Democracy" has
come to mean something that is good, something everybody wants, a bit like sex or
chocolate. But there is no rational reason to assume that democracy of universal suffrage
is uniformly good and can be applied with equal success in all circumstances, a huge
mistake Americans made in Iraq.
Any political system must first and foremost ensure the survival, the continued physical
existence, of the community it serves. After that comes ensuring the prosperity and
liberty of this community in the best possible way. However, when I look at the situation
in Western countries today, I cannot see that democracy always ensures our liberty or
prosperity, and in many cases it functions so poorly that it threatens our very survival.
Perhaps in order to ensure our continued existence, we need to supplement democracy
with other tools in our toolkit.
Source:
http://democracyreform.blogspot.com/2008/09/democracy-not-working-essay-by-fjordman.html
2.89 The Rape of Europe – emigration of indigenous Europeans?
The German author Henryk M. Broder recently told the Dutch newspaper De Volkskrant
(12 October) that young Europeans who love freedom, better emigrate. Europe as we
know it will no longer exist 20 years from now. Whilst sitting on a terrace in Berlin,
Broder pointed to the other customers and the passers-by and said melancholically: “We
are watching the world of yesterday.”
Broder is convinced that the Europeans are not willing to oppose Islamisation. “The
dominant ethos,” he told De Volkskrant, “is perfectly voiced by the stupid blonde woman
author with whom I recently debated. She said that it is sometimes better to let yourself
be raped than to risk serious injuries while resisting. She said it is sometimes better to
avoid fighting than run the risk of death.”
Europe is turning Muslim. As Broder is sixty years old
he is not going to emigrate himself. “I am too old,” he
said. However, he urged young people to get out and
“move to Australia or New Zealand. That is the only
option they have if they want to avoid the plagues
that will turn the old continent uninhabitable.”
Many Germans and Dutch, apparently, did not wait
for Broder’s advice. The number of emigrants leaving
the Netherlands and Germany has already surpassed
the number of immigrants moving in. One does not
have to be prophetic to predict, like Henryk Broder,
that Europe is becoming Islamic. Just consider the
demographics. The number of Muslims in contemporary Europe is estimated to be 50
million. It is expected to double in twenty years. By 2025, one third of all European
children will be born to Muslim families. Today Mohammed is already the most popular
name for new-born boys in Brussels, Amsterdam, Rotterdam, and other major European
cities.
Broder is convinced that the Europeans are not willing to oppose Islamisation. “The
dominant ethos,” he told De Volkskrant, “is perfectly voiced by the stupid blonde woman
author with whom I recently debated. She said that it is sometimes better to let yourself
be raped than to risk serious injuries while resisting. She said it is sometimes better to
avoid fighting than run the risk of death.”
In a recent op-ed piece in the Brussels newspaper De Standaard (23 October) the Dutch
(gay and self-declared “humanist”) author Oscar Van den Boogaard refers to Broder’s
interview. Van den Boogaard says that to him coping with the Islamisation of Europe is
like “a process of mourning.” He is overwhelmed by a “feeling of sadness.” “I am not a
warrior,” he says, “but who is? I have never learned to fight for my freedom. I was only
good at enjoying it.”
As Tom Bethell wrote in this month’s American Spectator: “Just at the most basic level of
demography the secular-humanist option is not working.” But there is more to it than the
fact that non-religious people tend not to have as many children as religious people,
because many of them prefer to “enjoy” freedom rather than renounce it for the sake of
children. Secularists, it seems to me, are also less keen on fighting. Since they do not
believe in an afterlife, this life is the only thing they have to lose. Hence they will rather
accept submission than fight. Like the German feminist Broder referred to, they prefer to
be raped than to resist.
“If faith collapses, civilisation goes with it,” says Bethell. That is the real cause of the
closing of civilisation in Europe. Islamisation is simply the consequence. The very word
Islam means “submission” and the secularists have submitted already. Many Europeans
have already become Muslims, though they do not realise it or do not want to admit it.
Some of the people I meet in the U.S. are particularly worried about the rise of anti-
Semitism in Europe. They are correct when they fear that anti-Semitism is also on the
rise among non-immigrant Europeans. The latter hate people with a fighting spirit.
Contemporary anti-Semitism in Europe (at least when coming from native Europeans) is
related to anti-Americanism. People who are not prepared to resist and are eager to
submit, hate others who do not want to submit and are prepared to fight. They hate
them because they are afraid that the latter will endanger their lives as well. In their
view everyone must submit.
This is why they have come to hate Israel and America so much, and the small band of
European “islamophobes” who dare to talk about what they see happening around them.
West Europeans have to choose between submission (islam) or death. I fear, like Broder,
that they have chosen submission – just like in former days when they preferred to be
red rather than dead.
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1609
2.90 Suggestions for the Future
By Fjordman
“If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared
to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be
destroyed, and tolerance with them.
We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the
intolerant.”
Karl Popper
How should we respond to the threats our civilisation is facing? First of all, ordinary
citizens should arm themselves immediately since crime and violence is spreading fast
throughout the Western world. Second, we need to reclaim pride in our heritage, which
has been systematically taken away from us in recent generations, and restore a proper
teaching of this in our education system. We should assume that the mass media and our
leaders are not telling us the full truth about the scale and consequences of Muslim
immigration.
We are told that the ongoing mass immigration from alien cultures is “good for the
economy.” This is demonstrably false and resembles the “Big Lie” technique employed by
the Nazis. Even if it were true, I would still reject this argument. I am not willing to give
up our existence as a people and the heritage entrusted upon me by my ancestors in the
hypothetical hope that doing so will earn me a few chocolate bars or electronic toys, of
which we already have plenty. The notion that man is homo economicus, the economic
man, nothing more than the sum of his functions as a worker and consumer, is widely
shared by both left-wingers and many right-wingers. It is one of the most destructive
ideologies of our time and needs to be defeated while there is still something left of
European civilisation to preserve.
One “anti-Jihadist” in Scandinavia once indicated that it was OK with a Muslim majority in
Europe as long as these Muslims respect “human rights.” They won’t, of course, but
that’s not the point. The “debate” we have is thus between those who believe we should
accept unlimited mass immigration and those who believe we should accept unlimited
mass immigration as long as those who replace us believe in “human rights,” where the
former groups views the latter as “racists.” At no point is there any debate of whether
native Europeans have the right to preserve our cultures and historical identities.
Globalism is the enemy within which needs to be defeated. Globalism does not refer to
the impersonal forces of technological globalisation (although committed Globalists like to
pretend that it does, because this makes their ideological program seem “inevitable”),
but to a Utopian ideology stating that erasing all national cultures and states (especially
Western ones) is a positive good which should be promoted and forced down people’s
throats. Opposition to this undertaking should be banned as “discrimination,” “racism,”
“extremism” and “nationalism” (the terms are used as synonyms).
I’ve engaged in long discussions as to whether or not our current weakness is caused by
deeper-lying, structural flaws in our civilisation or whether it is promoted by certain
powerful groups with a dangerous agenda. My answer is that it is both. The ideology of
Globalism is indeed promoted by certain elite groups much more than by the average
citizen, and these ideas are enforced from above. This is happening all over the Western
world, but it is particularly dangerous in Western Europe because of the legislative
powers of the European Union and its non-elected oligarchy.
Although Leftists tend to be more aggressive, perhaps the dividing line in the internal
struggle in the West is less between Left and Right and more between those who value
national sovereignty and European culture and those who do not. Upholding national
borders has become more important in the age of globalisation, not less. We need to
reclaim control over our borders and reject any organisation, either the EU, the UN,
various human rights groups or others who prevent us from doing this. We must remind
our political leaders that we pay national taxes because they are supposed to uphold our
national borders. If they can’t do so, the social contract is breached, and we should no
longer be required to pay our taxes. National taxes, national borders could become a new
rallying cry.
There are both left-wing and right-wing Globalists. They have different agendas, for
instance with left-wing Globalists putting emphasis on silencing free speech and
promoting “international law” through the United Nations and similar organisations, while
right-wing Globalists concentrate more on the free flow of people across borders, just as
they want free flow of goods and capital across borders. The Presidential election
campaign in the USA in 2008 between Obama and McCain is a race between a left-wing
and a right-wing Globalist. Both want open borders, if only for slightly different reasons,
and tend to think of countries as ideas, not as entities populated by distinct peoples with
shared values and a common history.
An ideological “war within the West” has paved the way for a physical “war against the
West” waged by Islamic Jihadists, who correctly view our acceptance of Muslim
immigration as a sign of weakness. Perhaps we will need to resolve the war within the
West before we can win the war against the West. When Europeans such as Polish king
Jan III Sobieski led their troops to victory over the Turks in the 1683 Battle of Vienna,
they fought for a number of things: Their country, their culture and their religion. People
don’t just need to live; they need something to live for, and fight for.
We are against Islam. What are we for? I would suggest that one thing we should fight
for is national sovereignty and the right to preserve our culture and pass it on to future
generations. We are fighting for the right to define our own laws and national policies,
not to be held hostage by the United Nations, unaccountable NGOs, transnational
progressives or self-appointed guardians of the truth.
At the beginning of the 21st century, the West is the sick man of the world. We provide
our sworn enemies with the technology and medicine to multiply, give them the
transportation and legal rights to move to our countries (after showing them through TV
and movies how much better life is in our part of the world). On top of this, we pay them
to colonise our countries and harass our children, while our leaders ban opposition to this
as intolerance, discrimination and racism. When did the West stop thinking? Where did
we go wrong? Here is the answer an American friend of mine gave:
“Well, there’s Marxism of course, which was extremely damaging in all its forms. There
were the two world wars which killed so many of our people and caused a lack of cultural
confidence. Then there was the Pax Americana and the unprecedented safety and affluence
it brought to the Western World. We have now had two generations of Westerners, almost
three, who have never known real poverty, hunger, war, or ‘the knock on the door in the
middle of the night.’ Without a need for survival skills, we had the time and the money to
focus on ever-more insane political and cultural ideologies…I think I remember reading
something about how the Indian Hindu empires became ripe for conquest by Islam — ‘They
focused on becoming good, instead of remaining powerful.’ I can’t remember the source on
that though. But that’s what we are now — obsessing about how to be good, not on being
powerful. And our ‘goodness’ isn’t worth much if the rest of the world is focused on
becoming powerful. Also, you have to remember, a lot of people are making money out of
these insane ideologies. The ‘diversity’ industry in the U.S. is worth billions — people with
little skills or ability are being given comfy well-paid jobs because of it.. And because of
anti-discrimination laws, every organisation, whether for profit or not, must have a
‘diversity’ plan to point to if they ever get sued for ‘discrimination.’ It’s literally a recession-
proof captive industry. Anyways we’re sick and the whole world knows it. They are coming
here to feed off our sickness.”
The West is rapidly declining as a percentage of world population and in danger of being
overwhelmed by immigration from poorer countries with booming populations. People of
European origins need to adjust our self-image correspondingly and ditch the current
ideology of deranged altruism. We are not all-powerful and are not in a position to help
everybody in developing countries out of poverty, certainly not by allowing them to move
here. We need to develop a new mental paradigm dedicated to our own survival.
We should take a break from mass immigration in general. Any future immigration needs
to be strictly controlled and exclusively non-Muslim. This break should be used to
demonstrate clearly that the West will no longer serve as the dumping ground for excess
population growth in other countries. We have cultures that we’d like to preserve, too,
and cannot and should not be expected to accept unlimited number of migrants from
other countries.
In my view, the best way to deal with the Islamic world is to have as little to do with it as
possible. We should completely stop and if necessary ban Muslim immigration. This could
be done in creative and indirect ways, such as banning immigration from nations with
citizens known to be engaged in terrorist activities. We should remove all Muslim non-
citizens currently in the West and change our laws to ensure that Muslim citizens who
advocate sharia, preach Jihad, the inequality of “infidels” and of women should have their
citizenship revoked and be deported back to their country of origin.
We need to create an environment where the practice of Islam is made difficult. Much of
this can be done in non-discriminatory ways, by simply refusing to allow special pleading
to Muslims. Do not allow the Islamic public call to prayer as it is offensive to other faiths.
Boys and girls should take part in all sporting and social activities of the school and the
community. The veil should be banned in all public institutions, thus contributing to
breaking the traditional subjugation of women. Companies and public buildings should
not be forced to build prayer rooms for Muslims. Enact laws to eliminate the abuse of
family reunification laws. Do not permit major investments by Muslims in Western media
or universities.
American columnist Diana West[1] wants us to shift from a pro-democracy offensive to
an anti-sharia defensive. Calling this a “War on Terror” as President George W. Bush did
in 2001 was a mistake. Baron Bodissey of the Gates of Vienna blog has suggested the
slogan “Take Back the Culture,” thus focusing on our internal struggle for traditional
European culture.
People should be educated about the realities of Jihad and sharia. Educating non-Muslims
about Islam is more important than educating Muslims, but we should do both. Groups of
dedicated individuals should engage in efforts to explain the real nature of Islam,
emphasising the division that Islam teaches between Believer and Infidel, the permanent
state of war between Dar al-Islam and Dar al-Harb and the use of taqiyya and kitman,
religious deception.
As Hugh Fitzgerald of Jihad Watch[2] says, we should explain why Islam encourages
despotism (because allegiance is owed the ruler as long as he is a Muslim), economic
paralysis, intellectual failure (the cult of authority, the hostility to free and skeptical
inquiry) in Islamic countries. Let Muslims themselves begin slowly to understand that all
of their political, economic, social, intellectual, and moral failures are a result of Islamic
teachings.
Fitzgerald also suggests exploiting the many fissures within the Islamic world: Divide and
conquer. Divide and demoralise. Islam has universalist claims but it talks about Arabs as
the “best of peoples,” and has been a vehicle for Arab supremacy, to promote Arab
conquest of wealthier non-Arab populations. In addition to divisions between Arabs and
non-Arab Muslims, we have the sectarian divide between Shias and Sunnis, and the
economic division between the fabulously rich oil-and-natural-gas Arab states and the
poor Muslim countries.
Both the sectarian and economic divisions within Islam are best exploited by infidels
doing nothing. If the Western world stops giving Egypt, Pakistan, Jordan, and the
Palestinians “aid,” which has in reality become a disguised form of jizya, this will clear the
psychological air. And it will force the poorer Arabs and other Muslims to go to the rich
Arabs for support.
Right now, Muslims can enjoy the best of both worlds, and follow primitive religious laws
while enjoying the fruits of 21st century civilisation. We need to drive home the utter
failure of the Islamic model by making sure that Muslims should no longer able to count
on permanent Western or infidel aid in their overpopulated, self-primitivised states,
whose very unviability they are prevented from recognising by this constant infusion of
aid.
We need to deprive Muslims as much as possible of Western jizya in other forms, which
means ending foreign aid, but also institute a Manhattan Project for alternative sources
of energy, in order to become independent of Arab oil.
As Mr. Fitzgerald asks[3] : “What would the rich Arabs do if the Western world decided to
seize their property in the West as the assets of enemy aliens, just as was done to the
property owned not only by the German government, but by individual Germans, during
World War II? And what would they do if they were to be permanently deprived of easy
access to Western medical care?”
We must reject the “You turn into what you fight” argument. Those who fought the Nazis
didn’t become Nazis during the Second World War. The truth is, we will become like
Muslims if we don’t stand up to them and keep them out of our countries, otherwise they
will subdue us and Islamise us by force. The West isn’t feared because we are
“oppressors,” we are despised because we are perceived as weak and decadent. Jihadist
websites have said that China[4] is not the enemy at the moment. China, too, is an
infidel enemy, but Muslims respect the Chinese more than Western nations. We can live
with having enemies. The important thing is making sure that our enemies respect us, as
Machiavelli indicated in The Prince.
We should implement a policy of containment of the Islamic world, but for this to work
we will sometimes have to take military action to crush Muslim pretensions to grandeur.
The Buddhists of Central Asia undoubtedly held the “moral high ground” in relations to
Muslims. They are all dead now. At the very least, we must be prepared to back up our
ideological defences with force on certain occasions.
Several objections could be raised against the containment option. Some claim that it is
too harsh and thus won’t be implemented; others say that it is insufficient and won’t
work in the long run. It’s true that in the current political climate, expulsion of sharia-
sponsoring Muslims isn’t going to happen, but the current ruling paradigm won’t last. It
is likely that we will get civil wars in several Western countries because of the ongoing
mass immigration. This will finally demonstrate how serious the situation is and force
other Western nations to act.
I have heard comments that it isn’t practically doable to contain the Islamic world behind
some artificial Maginot Line. When the Mongols could simply go around the Great Wall of
China in the thirteenth century, it will be impossible to contain anybody in an age of
modern communication technology. No, it won’t be easy, but we should at least try.
Containment isn’t necessarily the only thing we need to do, just the very minimum that is
acceptable. Perhaps the spread of nuclear technology will indeed trigger a large-scale war
with the Islamic world at some point. The only way to prevent this is to take steps,
including military ones, to deprive Muslims of dangerous technology. Jihad is waged by
military, political, financial, demographic and diplomatic means. The defence against
Jihad has to be equally diverse.
In the post What Can We Do?[5], Gates of Vienna republished an essay by reader
Westerner which was originally posted at American writer Lawrence Auster’s website.
Westerner argues that the separationist policy[6] proposed by Auster and others of
rolling back, containing, and using military force to quarantine Muslims would not be
sufficient to make the non-Islamic world safe, because Islamic regimes would still exist
and continue to seek ways to harm us. He therefore proposes a policy aimed at crushing
Islam. Nevertheless, my general policy recommendation is to advocate separation and
containment. The crucial point is to stress that Islam cannot be reformed and cannot be
reconciled with our way of life.
According to blogger Conservative Swede, “In fact it is easier to argue for a stop of ALL
immigration, to the general public, than a specific stop of Muslim immigration (maybe not
in America, but surely in Sweden and the rest of Europe). People simply know very little
about Islam. They need to be educated first, and already that is a big effort. So this is
the first step. Before this has been achieved, before the awareness about the true face of
Islam is firmly represented among the general public, it becomes pointless to push for
deportation of all Muslims at the arenas directed at the general public. The first and
current step is about educating people about Islam.” He puts emphasis on the need for
breaking the spirit of our Jihadist enemies and finding ways of symbolically defeat them.
I have been criticised because my talk about containment and the need to limit even
non-Muslim immigration smacks of the siege mentality of a friendless West. Advocating a
policy of much stricter immigration control in general isn’t based on isolationism, it’s
based on realism. We’re in the middle of the largest migration waves in human history.
The simple fact is that far more people want to live in the West than we can possibly let
in. Technology has made it easier for people to settle in other countries, and easier for
them to stay in touch with their original homeland as if they never left. We have to deal
with this fact by slowing the immigration rates to assimilation levels; otherwise our
societies will eventually break down.
I’m advocating isolation of the Islamic world, not of the West. Even if we cannot allow all
non-Muslims to freely settle in our lands, this does not mean that they have to be our
enemies. Jihad is being waged against the entire non-Muslim world, not just the West.
We should stop trying to “win the hearts and minds” of Muslims instead cooperate with
other non-Muslims.
The United Nations[7] is heavily infiltrated by Islamic groups. We should starve it for
funds and ridicule it at any given opportunity. As an alternative to the UN, we could
create an organisation where only democratic states could become members. The most
important principle at this point is to contain the Islamic world. We simply cannot allow
our enemies to have influence over our policies, which they do through the UN.
Europeans need to totally dismantle the European Union and regain national control over
our borders and legislation. The EU is so deeply flawed and infiltrated by pro-Islamic
thinking that it simply cannot be reformed. No, the EU isn’t the only problem we have,
but it is the worst, and we can’t fix our other problems as long as the EU is in charge.
And let’s end the stupid support for the Palestinians that the Eurabians have encouraged
and start supporting our cultural cousin, Israel. Europe’s first line of defence starts in
Jerusalem.
Europeans should adopt legislation similar to the First and Second Amendments in the
American Bill of Rights, securing the right to free speech and gun ownership. The reason
why European authorities are becoming increasingly totalitarian in their censorship
efforts is to conceal the fact that they are no longer willing or able to uphold even the
most basic security of their citizenry, far less our national borders.
We need to ditch the welfare state[8], which is probably doomed anyway. The welfare
state wasn’t all bad, but it cannot compete in a world of billions of capitalists in low-cost
countries. It creates a false sense of security in a dog-eat-dog world and breeds a
passivity that is very dangerous in our struggle for survival. We should use the money to
strengthen our border controls and rebuild credible militaries.. Western Europeans have
lived under Pax Americana for so long that we have forgotten how to defend ourselves.
This needs to change, and soon.
I recently read the book The Shock Doctrine[9] by the prominent left-wing intellectual
Naomi Klein. That is, I made an attempt to read it. I gave up after a few chapters. Klein
talks about how clean slate ideologies are dangerous, and mentions in passing some
crimes committed by the Soviet regime and the criticism which followed its collapse.
Then she says:
The process has sparked heated debate around the world about how many of these
atrocities stemmed from the ideology invoked, as opposed to its distortion by adherents
like Stalin, Ceausescu, Mao and Pol Pot. ‘It was flesh-and-blood Communism that
imposed wholesale repression, culminating in a state-sponsored reign of terror,’ writes
Stéphane Courtois, co-author of the contentious Black Book of Communism[10]. ‘Is the
ideology itself blameless?’ Of course it is not. It doesn’t follow that all forms of
Communism are inherently genocidal, as some have gleefully claimed, but it was
certainly an interpretation of Communist theory that was doctrinaire, authoritarian, and
contemptuous of pluralism that led to Stalin’s purges and to Mao’s re-education camps.
Authoritarian Communism is, and should be, forever tainted by those real-world
laboratories. But what of the contemporary crusade to liberate world markets?
Klein claims that not all forms of market systems have to be inherently violent. They can
leave room for free health care, too. She condemns “authoritarian interpretations” of
Communism, but not necessarily Communism as such. Exactly where we can find
examples of non-authoritarian Communism she doesn’t say. That’s as far as self-criticism
has progressed in the political Left a generation after we “defeated” Socialism.
The economist Milton Friedman, along with F. Hayek, is one of the villains of Naomi
Klein’s book. According to her, Friedman has stated that “only a crisis — actual or
perceived — produces real change. When that crisis occurs, the actions that are taken
depend on the ideas that are lying around. That, I believe, is our basic function: to
develop alternatives to existing policies, to keep them alive and available until the
politically impossible becomes politically inevitable.” Friedman believes that during a
crisis, we only have a brief window of opportunity before society slips back into the
“tyranny of the status quo,” and that we need to use this opportunity or lose it.
This is actually sound advice and in my view the strategy Western survivalists should
follow. When I first started writing as Fjordman I focused on how to “fix the system.” I’ve
gradually come to the conclusion that the system cannot be fixed. Not only does it have
too many enemies; it also contains too many internal contradictions. If we define the
“system” as mass immigration from alien cultures, Globalism, multiculturalism and
suppression of free speech in the name of “tolerance,” then this is going to collapse. It’s
inevitable.
The goal of European and Western survivalists — and that’s what we are, it is our very
survival that is at stake — should not be to “fix the system,” but to be mentally and
physically prepared for its collapse, and to develop coherent answers to what went wrong
and prepare to implement the necessary remedies when the time comes. We need to
seize the window of opportunity, and in order to do so, we need to define clearly what we
want to achieve. What went wrong with our civilisation, and how can we survive and
hopefully regenerate, despite being an increasingly vulnerable minority in an often hostile
world?
I have suggested that we never won the Cold War as decisively as we should have done.
The enemy has been regrouping and now largely controls our media and educational
institutions less than a generation after the fall of the Berlin Wall. We did not have public
trials against the supporters of Marxism just as we did against Nazism. This was a serious
mistake which we should not repeat again. If or when the European Union collapses and
multiculturalism is defeated, we need to stage public trials against the creators of Eurabia
and denounce the lies continuously told by our media and academia. Their ideology
needs to be exposed as evil.
The political elites implement the agendas of our enemies and ignore the interests of
their own people. They are collaborators and should be treated accordingly. The problem
is that they currently feel quite comfortable and secure. They fear the reactions of
Muslims, but despise their own people. They view us as sheep, existing only to provide
them with champagne and nice cars and to be guinea pigs in their grandiose social
experiments. Change will only come when they fear us, and the consequences of their
own betrayal, more than they fear Muslims.
People of European origins can gain a future by reclaiming our past, and end the hostility
to our civilisation and heritage which is too often taught in our education system today.
We need to reject those who demonise us simply because we desire self-determination.
In order to achieve this, we need to regain control over our national borders and
legislation, and we need to reclaim control over the media. Those who control the media,
control society.
It is easy to blame others, but we have to accept responsibility for our situation. Yes, we
have indeed been betrayed by our leaders, but that’s still only part of the problem.
People tend to get the governments they deserve. Maybe we get weak leaders because
we are weak, or because they can exploit weaknesses in our mentality to get us where
they want to; above all anti-Americanism, anti-Semitism, our excessive desire for
consensus and suppression of dissent, the anti-individualistic legacy from Socialism and
the passivity bred by welfare state bureaucracy. Muslims are stuck with their problems
and corrupt leaders and blame everybody else for their own failures because they can
never admit they are caused by deep flaws in their culture.. We shouldn’t make the same
mistake. Europeans export wine; Arabs export whine. That’s the way it should be.
In his book The River War published in 1899, Winston Churchill wrote about the cursed
effects of Mohammedanism (which is what Islam really is):
The effects are apparent in many countries. Improvident habits, slovenly systems of
agriculture, sluggish methods of commerce, and insecurity of property exist wherever the
followers of the Prophet rule or live. A degraded sensualism deprives this life of its grace
and refinement; the next of its dignity and sanctity. The fact that in Mohammedan law
every woman must belong to some man as his absolute property, either as a child, a
wife, or a concubine, must delay the final extinction of slavery until the faith of Islam has
ceased to be a great power among men. Individual Moslems may show splendid qualities
— but the influence of the religion paralyses the social development of those who follow
it. No stronger retrograde force exists in the world. Far from being moribund,
Mohammedanism is a militant and proselytising faith. It has already spread throughout
Central Africa, raising fearless warriors at every step; and were it not that Christianity is
sheltered in the strong arms of science, the science against which it had vainly struggled,
the civilisation of modern Europe might fall, as fell the civilisation of ancient Rome.
This description remains right today. Nevertheless, bad as it is, Islam isn’t the cause of
our current weakness; it is a secondary infection. In addition to plain decadence, there is
a widespread feeling in much of Europe that nothing is worth fighting for, certainly not
through armed struggle. There are no Great Truths, everything is equal. Maybe Europe’s
faith in itself died in Auschwitz, but it was severely wounded in the trenches of the First
World War. It was WW1 that radicalised Europe, triggered the Russian Revolution and the
rise of Soviet Communism, and filled Germany, including a young corporal named Adolf
Hitler, with a desire for vengeance and much of the ammunition they needed for their rise
to power in the 1930s.
I have heard claims that European civilisation will not survive the twenty-first century. A
century is a very long time, we should remember that. Would anybody (except a
Churchill) in the early twentieth century, when Europe was strong and powerful, have
predicted that Europe would now be in the process of being overpowered by Algerians
and Pakistanis? Things change. They can change for the worse, but they can also change
for the better. Our ancestors, better men and women than we are, held the line against
Islam for more than one thousand years, sacrificing their blood for the continent. By
doing so, they not only preserved the European heartland and thus Western civilisation
itself, but quite possibly the world in general from unchallenged Islamic dominance. The
stakes involved now are no less than they were then, possibly even greater.
Some people claim that Europe isn’t worth fighting for, and that many people here
deserve what’s coming. Some of them probably do, yes. The problem is that the people
who deserve most to be punished for the current mess are the ones who are least likely
to pay the price. The creators of Eurabia will be the first to flee the continent when the
going gets tough, leaving those who have hardly heard of Eurabia and never approved of
its creation to fight.
Edmund Burke believed that if a society can be seen as a contract, we must recognise
that most parties to the contract are either dead or not yet born. I like that idea, which
means that when you fight for a country, you don’t just fight for the ones that are there
now, but for those who lived there before and for those who will live there in the future.
If we don’t want to fight for what Europe is today then let us fight for what it once was,
and maybe, just maybe, for what it may become once more. There was real greatness in
this continent once. It seems a long time ago now, but we can get there again.
Meanwhile, let us work to ensure the survival of European civilisation, which is now very
much in question.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/09/suggestions-for-future.html#c8772512582428522002
1. http://www.washtimes.com/op-ed/20060824-084015-5082r.htm
2. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/011106.php
3. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/2006/05/011325print.html
4. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/022076.php
5. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/07/what-can-we-do.html
6. http://www.amnation.com/vfr/archives/006250.html
7. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1224
8. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/08/welfare-state-is-dead-long-live.html
9. http://www.amazon.com/Shock-Doctrine-Rise-Disaster-Capitalism/dp/0312427999/
10. http://www.amazon.com/Black-Book-Communism-Crimes-Repression/dp/0674076087
2.91 What Do We Fight For?
By Fjordman
I have tried to contribute to a new vocabulary by coining the word “Caucasophobia[1]”
for anti-white racism, and have suggested the term “self-termination[2]” for organised
Western self-loathing and the Western policy of unilaterally dismantling our own culture.
Both terms are OK, but if somebody can come up with something better and more
catchy, I’m all ears. One can say many bad things about the word “Islamophobia,” but it’s
easy to understand and sticks in your mind. If the shariabots can come up with a word
like that then infidels shouldn’t be any less inventive.
We are against Sharia and Jihad, but what are we for? What is Western civilisation? What
exactly sets it apart from others and makes it worth keeping? If we’re going to defend[3]
“freedom” and “Western civilisation,” we need to define precisely what we are talking
about.
I would personally say that the emphasis on the individual is our most defining trait as a
civilisation. Both Muslims and internal collectivists hate our individualism the most,
because it stands in the way of their ideologies. This is why they go to great lengths to
smash it and replace it with group thinking. However, even our individualism can
potentially be carried into such extremes that it can become a problem. Individuals still
need to feel part of something greater and enduring, or society will be left unable to
defend itself.
Another Western trait is a non-fatalistic outlook on the world and a belief in the ability of
individuals to affect their own future, combined with linear thinking versus circular
thinking, a high value placed on rationality versus emotionalism and last, but not least,
curiosity — wanting to know how things “tick.”
I still remember the first time I read the Koran. I soon discovered how intolerant it was,
but my first impression was actually not that it was violent, but that it was remarkably
incoherent and difficult to read. It’s frequently self-contradictory, and Allah is portrayed
as an unpredictable god. The Bible is more structured and with a higher literary quality
than the Koran, even to a non-religious person. When European scientists initiated the
Scientific Revolution[4], they assumed that God had made nature according to logical
patterns that could be uncovered and predicted. But Islam, starting out with the
structure of the Koran itself, assumes that there is no pattern, and that nature is simply
subject to Allah’s whims.
I have given detailed explanations to non-Muslims of how Muslims continuously deceive
infidels, but frankly, Muslims even lie to each other. I’ve gradually come to the conclusion
that it’s not so much about lying as about the fact that truth is irrelevant in Islamic
culture, which is why all kinds of ridiculous conspiracy theories always find an eager
audience there. Notice how Pakistani ex-Muslim Mohammed Rasoel writes in his book The
Downfall of the Netherlands — Land of the Naive Fools[5] how he comes from a culture
where people “lie all the time,” and consider persons who actually say what they think to
be gullible fools.
Needless to say, this is also why Muslims have such a poor track record in science.
Science is about uncovering truth, and if you come from a culture which holds that truth
is irrelevant, you have a huge handicap. That is why the Scientific Revolution happened
in Christian Europe, and not in the Islamic Middle East.
The sad part is, we are abandoning[6] the scientific method in the West as well. And it’s
not the only instance where we are regressing. Hate crime legislation constitutes a
radical departure from the idea of equality before the law. You will be punished differently
for assaulting a black Muslim than for the same crime against a white Christian, a Hindu
woman or a Jewish woman, a gay man or a straight man etc. Some would argue that this
already happens in real life. However, the point here is that this principle has now
become a formal aspect of the law. This constitutes a gross perversion of justice. It
mirrors Islamic law, which mandates different punishments for the same crime,
depending upon the religious background and the sex of both the perpetrator and the
victim.
Islam has always valued individual life inequitably. But now there is a creeping tendency
within the West toward the same view. In the case of assault or murder, an additional
sentence is added if the act is viewed as a “hate crime.” Murder is murder, and all human
life is to be valued equally. However, according to multiculturalism we are required to
treat all cultures and religions as equally valid, which they obviously are not. This
perversion of reality makes the Western system of justice vulnerable to infiltration by
Islamic law.
The West has traditionally been a rational civilisation. We now have an emotional culture,
which we see clearly in the immigration debate where emphasis is on whether you “feel
good” and whether your “intentions” are good when you support mass immigration, not
on rationally calculating the long-term consequences of your actions.
Our education system is no longer dedicated to searching for truth or even recognising
the concept that there is such a thing as “truth” in the first place, only multiple truths, all
equally valid. Christian Europe could stage the Scientific Revolution precisely because it
believed in truth and wanted to uncover truth. Post-Christian, Multicultural Europe no
longer believes in truth, and would thus have been unable to stage the Scientific
Revolution.
It is remarkable to notice how effective the “counter-culture” of the 1960s has been at
attacking the pillars of Western civilisation: Our education system is now used to
dismantle our culture, not to uphold it, and has moved from the Age of Reason to the
Age of Deconstruction. We have thus abandoned the ideal of rationality and objectivity,
which used to be the foundation of our culture.
Our religious heritage as well as the social basis of our society, the nuclear family, has
been under constant attack. Our legal system, at least in Europe, is moving away from
the ideal of laws passed with the consent of the people and with their best interest in
mind into transnational legislation written by faceless technocrats, with no loyalty to any
specific people. The EU Constitution betrays an almost sharia-like desire to control all
aspects of our lives, instead of upholding law and order and otherwise staying out of the
way.
And finally, we are in the middle of an age where focus is on “subgroups” within the
nation state, not on individuals. The anti-Westerners have taken great care to break
down our religion, our individualism, our rationalism and finally our connection with the
past[7], to make sure we don’t remember that we ever possessed any of these traits in
the first place. Unfortunately, they have succeeded rather well so far. We are abandoning
what once made us great, and are moving in the direction of Sharia Lite when it comes to
free speech, equality before the law, and lack of rationalism.
What are we fighting for? We are fighting for freedom of thought and for freedom of
speech, for the right to criticise not just our government, but all doctrines, political and
religious. The fight against hate speech and hate crime legislation now constitutes a front
line in the battle for liberty.
We are fighting for secular laws passed with the consent of the people, not sharia nor
transnational legislation drafted by bureaucrats and technocrats unaccountable to the
people. We do not want to be held hostage by international NGOs, transnational
progressives or self-appointed guardians of the truth. Likewise, we are fighting for
national sovereignty. No nation regardless of political system can survive the loss of its
territorial integrity, but democratic states especially so. We pay national taxes because
our authorities are supposed to uphold our national borders. If they can’t do so, the
social contract is breached, and we should no longer be required to pay our taxes.
We are fighting for equality before the law. Hate crime legislation is weakening this, by
treating people as members of a group, gay-straight, male-female, black-white etc,
instead of as an individual, and also de facto results in unequal punishment for the same
crime.
We are fighting for the right to view a nation as a cultural unit, not just a random space
on a map. A country has the right to decide how much, if any, immigration it wants to
accept. The idea of unlimited mass migration is 21st century Communism. Man is not just
homo economicus, the economic man, the sum of his functions as labour and consumer,
who can be supplanted from one region of the world to the next at will. Multiculturalism
implicitly means that the native population have to suppress and erase their own cultural
traditions and historical identity. People have the right to want to preserve their culture
and pass it on to future generations.
Finally, I’d like to talk about one aspect of Western culture that tends to be downplayed,
but is quite important: We are the only culture in the history of mankind to develop
realistic, faithful depictions of beings and matter in our paintings and sculptures, rather
than merely stylised depictions. We are also the only culture to invent a way to depict
three-dimensional subjects in a two-dimensional format. A similar three-dimensional
perspective was lacking in all other types of early art, be that Chinese or Japanese, East
Indian, Mesoamerican, African or Middle Eastern. This could conceivably be because we
have perceived space and spatial relationships in a different way than the rest of the
world. What does that mean for our culture?
Egyptian art was dedicated to preserving the body for the afterlife. Artists drew from
memory, according to strict rules. The ancient Egyptians were not Westerners, but they
did contribute a lot to those who later became Westerners, the Greeks and the Romans.
In the brilliant book The Story of Art, writer E.H. Gombrich explains this. For an Egyptian
artist, “once he had mastered all these rules he had finished his apprenticeship. No one
wanted anything different, no one asked him to be ‘original’. On the contrary, he was
probably considered the best artist who could make his statues most like the admired
monuments of the past. So it happened that in the course of three thousand years or
more Egyptian art changed very little. Everything that was considered good and beautiful
in the age of the pyramids was held to be just as excellent a thousand years later.”
There was only one major exception to this, and that was the heretical Pharaoh
Akhenaten in the 14th century BC. The art depicting him and his wife Nefertiti is quite
naturalistic. It is unlike anything before in Egyptian history, and may have been inspired
by that of the Minoan culture on the island of Crete, by many considered to be the first
European civilisation. Some of this style is still discernible in objects found in the tomb of
Tutankhaten, believed to be son of Akhenaten, who later changed his name to
Tutankhamun as the old religion was reestablished.
Even though the artistic legacy of Akhenaten was quickly forgotten, his religious ideas
may have proven far more durable. His insistence on worshipping one supreme god,
Aten, makes him a pioneer in monotheism. It has been speculated, though disputed by
many scholars, that Akhenaten’s ideas may have inspired those of Moses, which led to
the creation of Judaism and, by extension, Christianity.
What is less disputed is that the earliest alphabet, the ancestor of nearly every alphabet
used around the globe, including, via Phoenician, the Greek and the Latin ones, was
partly derived from Egyptian hieroglyphs representing syllables.
Greek artists studied and imitated Egyptian art, but experimented and decided to look for
themselves instead of following any traditional, ready-made formula. As Gombrich says,
“The Greeks began to use their eyes. Once this revolution had begun, there was no
stopping it.” It is surely no coincidence that this Great Awakening of art to freedom took
place in the hundred years between, roughly, 520 and 420 BC, in Greek city-states such
as Athens where philosopher Socrates challenged our ideas about the world:
“It was here, above all, that the greatest and most astonishing revolution in the whole
history of art bore fruit. (...) The great revolution of Greek art, the discovery of natural
forms and of foreshortening, happened at the time which is altogether the most amazing
period of human history.” This art was later spread far beyond the borders of Greece,
when Alexander the Great created his empire and brought Hellenistic art to Asia:
“Even in far-distant India, the Roman way of telling a story, and of glorifying a hero, was
adopted by artists who set themselves the task of illustrating the story of a peaceful
conquest, the story of the Buddha. The art of sculpture had flourished in India long
before the Hellenistic influence reached the country; but it was in the frontier region of
Gandhara that the figure of Buddha was first shown in the reliefs which became the
model for later Buddhist art. (...) Greek and Roman art, which had taught men to
visualise gods and heroes in beautiful form, also helped the Indians to create an image of
their saviour. The beautiful head of the Buddha, with its expression of deep repose, was
also made in this frontier region of Gandhara.”
Buddhism spread from India to the rest of Asia, and brought with it these influences from
Western art. This is highly significant if we remember that the invention of block printing
during the Tang dynasty in China was intimately linked to Buddhist monasteries and
Buddhist art. Alexander the Great may also have brought with him inked seals to India
during his invasion, and Indian merchants later introduced them to the Chinese. Stamped
figures of the Buddha marked the transition from seal impression to woodcut in China.
The oldest surviving printed texts from East Asia are Buddhist scriptures. Printing was
thus used to promulgate a specific religion, just like Gutenberg’s printing press in Europe
was later used to print Bibles. The Islamic Middle East, however, for centuries rejected
both the Eastern and the Western printing traditions due to religious intolerance and
hostility towards pictorial arts. And they suffered all the more for it.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/05/what-do-we-fight-for.html
1. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/caucasophobia-accepted-racism.html
2. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/01/rise-of-glossocracy.html
3. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/recommendations-for-west.html
4. http://www.weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/000/000/012/736fyrpi.asp
5. http://www.childrenofmillennium.org/heroes/downfall.htm
6. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1282
7. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/015899.php
2.92 Who Are We, Who Are Our Enemies - The Cost of Historical Amnesia
By Fjordman:
The Jihad, the Islamic so-called Holy War, has been a fact of life in Europe, Asia, Africa and
the Near and Middle East for more than 1300 years, but this is the first history of the
Muslim wars in Europe ever to be published. Hundreds of books, however, have appeared
on its Christian counterpart, the Crusades, to which the Jihad is often compared, although
they lasted less than two hundred years and unlike the Jihad, which is universal, were
largely but not completely confined to the Holy Land. Moreover, the Crusades have been
over for more than 700 years, while a Jihad is still going on in the world. The Jihad has
been the most unrecorded and disregarded major event of history. It has, in fact, been
largely ignored. For instance, the Encyclopaedia Britannica gives the Crusades eighty times
more space than the Jihad."
The quote is from Paul Fregosi's book Jihad in the West[1] from 1998. Mr. Fregosi found
that his book about the history of Islamic Holy War in Europe from the 7th to the 20th
centuries was difficult to get published in the mid-1990s, when publishers had the
Salman Rushdie case in fresh memory.
A few years later, an even more comprehensive book, The Legacy of Jihad, was published
by Andrew G. Bostom. Bostom has written about what he calls "America's First War on
Terror[2]."
Thomas Jefferson and John Adams, then serving as American ambassadors to France and
Britain, respectively, met in 1786 in London with the Tripolitan Ambassador to Britain,
Sidi Haji Abdul Rahman Adja. These future American presidents were attempting to
negotiate a peace treaty which would spare the United States the ravages of Jihad piracy
– murder and enslavement emanating from the so-called Barbary States of North Africa,
corresponding to modern Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, and Libya.
Andrew Bostom notes that "an aggressive jihad was already being waged against the
United States almost 200 years prior to America becoming a dominant international
power in the Middle East." Israel has thus nothing to do with it.
The Barbary Jihad piracy had been going on since the earliest Arab-Islamic expansion in
the 7th and 8th centuries. Francisco Gabrieli states that:
"According to present-day concepts of international relations, such activities amounted to
piracy, but they correspond perfectly to jihad, an Islamic religious duty. The conquest of
Crete, in the east, and a good portion of the corsair warfare along the Provencal and
Italian coasts, in the West, are among the most conspicuous instances of such "private
initiative" which contributed to Arab domination in the Mediterranean."
A proto-typical Muslim naval razzia occurred in 846 when a fleet of Arab Jihadists arrived
at the mouth of the Tiber, made their way to Rome, sacked the city, and carried away
from the basilica of St. Peter all of the gold and silver it contained.
During the 16th and 17th centuries, as many Europeans were captured, sold, and
enslaved by the Barbary corsairs as were West Africans made captive and shipped for
plantation labour in the Americas by European slave traders. Robert Davis' methodical
enumeration indicates that between one, and one and one-quarter million white
European Christians were enslaved by the Barbary Muslims from 1530 through 1780.
White Gold, Giles Milton's remarkable account of Cornish cabin boy Thomas Pellow,
captured by Barbary corsairs in 1716, documents how Jihad razzias had extended to
England:
[p. 13, "By the end of the dreadful summer of 1625, the mayor of Plymouth reckoned that
1,000 skiffs had been destroyed, and a similar number of villagers carried off into slavery"],
Wales, southern Ireland [p.16, "In 1631…200 Islamic soldiers…sailed to the village of
Baltimore, storming ashore with swords drawn and catching the villagers totally by
surprise. (They) carried off 237 men, women, and children and took them to Algiers…The
French padre Pierre Dan was in the city (Algiers) at the time…He witnessed the sale of the
captives in the slave auction. 'It was a pitiful sight to see them exposed in the market…
Women were separated from their husbands and the children from their fathers…on one
side a husband was sold; on the other his wife; and her daughter was torn from her arms
without the hope that they'd ever see each other again'."], and even Reykjavik, Iceland!
Bostom notes that "By June/July 1815 the ably commanded U.S. naval forces had dealt
their Barbary jihadist adversaries a quick series of crushing defeats. This success ignited
the imagination of the Old World powers to rise up against the Barbary pirates."
Yet some Arabs seem to miss the good, old days when they could extract Jizya payments
from the West. Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi has stated that he thinks that European
nations should pay 10 billion euros ($12.7 billion dollars) a year to Africa to help it stop
migrants seeking a better life flooding northwards into Europe. He added without
elaborating: "Earth belongs to everybody. Why they (young Africans) emigrated to
Europe -- this should be answered by Europeans."
Apart from being a clear-cut example of how migration, or rather population dumping by
Third World countries, has become a tool for blackmail in the 21st century, this is a
throwback to the age when Tripoli could extract payments from Europe.
Sadly, Americans seem to have forgotten the lessons from this proud chapter in their
history, when they refused to pay ransom to Muslims like the Europeans did and instead
sent warships to the Mediterranean under the slogan "Millions for defence, not one penny
for tribute!" Since WW2, we've had three major conflicts in the Balkans: In Cyprus, in
Bosnia and in Kosovo. On all three occasions, the United States have interfered on behalf
of Muslims. Yet despite this fact, two of the 9/11 hijackers[3] said that their actions were
inspired by an urge to avenge the suffering of Muslims in Bosnia.
As Efraim Karsh, author of the book Islamic Imperialism: A History points out, America
is[4] reviled in the Muslim world not because of its specific policies "but because, as the
pre-eminent world power, it blocks the final realisation of this same age-old dream of a
universal Islamic empire (or umma)."
According to Hugh Fitzgerald[5], "One must keep in mind both the way in which some
atrocities ascribed to Serbs were exaggerated, while the atrocities inflicted on them were
minimised or ignored altogether. But what was most disturbing was that there was no
context to anything: nothing about the centuries of Muslim rule.
Had such a history been discussed early on, Western governments might have
understood and attempted to assuage the deep fears evoked by the Bosnian Muslim
leader, Izetbegovic, when he wrote that he intended to create a Muslim state in Bosnia
and impose the Sharia not merely there, but everywhere that Muslims had once ruled in
the Balkans. Had the Western world shown the slightest intelligent sympathy or
understanding of what that set off in the imagination of many Serbs (and elsewhere,
among the Christians in the Balkans and in Greece), there might never have been such a
violent Serbian reaction, and someone like [Slobodan] Milosevic might never have
obtained power."
In 1809, after the battle on Cegar Hill, by order of Turkish pasha Hurshid the skulls of the
killed Serbian soldiers were built in a tower, Skull Tower, on the way to Constantinople. 3
metres high, Skull Tower was built out of 952 skulls as a warning to the Serbian people
not to oppose their Muslim rulers. Some years later, a chapel was built over the skulls.
Similar Jihad massacres were committed not only against the Serbs, but against the
Greeks, the Bulgarians and other non-Muslims who slowly rebelled against the Ottoman
Empire throughout the 19th century. Professor Vahakn Dadrian[6] and others have
clearly identified Jihad as a critical factor in the Armenian genocide in the early 20th
century. This genocide by the Turks allegedly inspired Adolf Hitler in his Holocaust against
the Jews later: "Who, after all, speaks today of the annihilation of the Armenians?"
As Efraim Karsh[7] notes, "The Ottomans embarked on an orgy of bloodletting in
response to the nationalist aspirations of their European subjects. The Greek war of
independence of the 1820's, the Danubian uprisings of 1848 and the attendant Crimean
war, the Balkan explosion of the 1870's, the Greco-Ottoman war of 1897--all were painful
reminders of the costs of resisting Islamic imperial rule."
In his book Onward Muslim Soldiers, Robert Spencer quotes a letter from Bosnia, written
in 1860 by the acting British Consul in Sarajevo, James Zohrab[8]:
"The hatred of the Christians toward the Bosniak Mussulmans is intense. During a period of
nearly 300 years they were subjected to much oppression and cruelty. For them no other
law but the caprice of their masters existed....Oppression cannot now be carried on as
openly as formerly, but it must not be supposed that, because the Government employés
do not generally appear as the oppressors, the Christians are well treated and protected."
Bosnia's wartime president Alija Izetbegovic died in 2003, hailed worldwide as a
moderate Muslim leader. Little was said in Western media[9] about the fact that in his
1970 Islamic Declaration, which got him jailed by the Communists in Yugoslavia, he
advocated "a struggle for creating a great Islamic federation from Morocco to Indonesia,
from the tropical Africa to the Central Asia. The Islamic movement should and must start
taking over the power as soon as it is morally and numerically strong enough to not only
overthrow the existing non-Islamic, but also to build up a new Islamic authority."
Alija Izetbegovic also received money from a Saudi businessman, Yassin al-Kadi, who has
been designated by the United States, the United Nations, and the European Union as a
financier of al-Qaeda terrorists. Evan F. Kohlmann[10], author of Al-Qaeda's Jihad in
Europe: The Afghan-Bosnian Network, argues that the "key to understanding Al Qaida's
European cells lies in the Bosnian war of the 1990s." In 1992, the Bosnian Muslim
government of Alija Izetbegovic issued a passport in the Vienna embassy to Osama bin
Laden. The Wall Street Journal reported in 2001 that "for the past 10 years, the most
senior leaders of al Qaeda have visited the Balkans, including bin Laden himself on three
occasions between 1994 and 1996. The Egyptian surgeon turned terrorist leader Ayman
Al-Zawahiri has operated terrorist training camps, weapons of mass destruction factories
and money-laundering and drug-trading networks throughout Albania, Kosovo,
Macedonia, Bulgaria, Turkey and Bosnia."
Samuel Huntington mentioned already in 1993 in his famous article "The Clash of
Civilisations" in the journal Foreign Affairs that both the Shi'a Muslims of Iran and the
Sunni Muslims of Saudi Arabia supplied substantial funding, weapons and men to the
Bosnians. Thousands of foreign fighters or 'Mujahadeen' from Islamic countries came to
Bosnia to fight on the side of local Muslims in the bloody 1992-1995 civil war. Many of
these Mujahadeen remained in Bosnia after the war, and some have been operating
terrorist training camps and indoctrinating local youths.
Terrorists have been working, not just in Bosnia but in Albania and all over the Balkans,
to recruit non-Arab sympathisers — so-called "white Muslims"[11] with Western features
who theoretically could more easily blend into European cities and execute attacks.
Saudi Arabia is said to have invested more than $1 billion in the Sarajevo region[12]
alone, for projects that include the construction of 158 mosques. The Islamic world is
thus using the Balkans as a launching pad for Jihad against the rest of Europe and the
West. "There are religious centres in Bulgaria[13] that belong to Islamic groups financed
mostly by Saudi Arabian groups," the head of Bulgarian military intelligence warned.
According to him, the centres were in southern and southeastern Bulgaria, where the
country's Muslims, mainly of Turkish origin, are concentrated, and "had links with similar
organisations in Kosovo, Bosnia and Macedonia. For them Bulgaria seems to be a transit
point to Western Europe." He said the steps were taken to prevent terrorist groups
gaining a foothold in Bulgaria, which shares a border with Turkey. Bulgaria's Turkish
minority accounts for 10 percent of the country's population.
The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia passed a law allowing ethnic Albanians to
display the Albanian national flag[14] in areas where they form the majority. The decision
came as a result of seven months of heavy fighting in 2001 involving Albanian
separatists, and following pressure from the European Union[15], always ready to please
Muslims.
Ethnic Albanians make up about 25 per cent of Macedonia's population. If the
demographic trends are anything like in Kosovo, where the predominantly Muslim
Albanians have been out-breeding their non-Muslim neighbours, the Macedonians could
be facing serious trouble in the near future. In Kosovo, dozens of churches and
monasteries[16] have been destroyed or seriously damaged following ethnic cleansing of
Christian Serbs, all under the auspices of NATO soldiers.
In a commentary, "We bombed the wrong side?" former Canadian UNPROFOR
Commander Lewis MacKenzie wrote, "The Kosovo-Albanians have played us like a
Stradivarius. We have subsidised and indirectly supported their violent campaign for an
ethnically pure and independent Kosovo. We have never blamed them for being the
perpetrators of the violence in the early '90s and we continue to portray them as the
designated victim today in spite of evidence to the contrary. When they achieve
independence with the help of our tax dollars combined with those of bin Laden and al-
Qaeda, just consider the message of encouragement this sends to other terrorist-
supported independence movements around the world."
Martti Ahtisaari[17], former President of Finland and now Chief United Nations negotiator
for Kosovo, caused anger in Serbia when he stated that "Serbs are guilty as people,"
implying that they would have to pay for it, possibly by losing the province of Kosovo
which is seeking independence.
I disagree with Mr. Ahtisaari. It is one thing to criticise the brutality of the Milosevic
regime. It is quite another thing to claim that "Serbs are guilty as a people." If anybody
in the Balkans can be called guilty as a people, it is the Turks, not the Serbs. The Turks
have left a trail of blood across much of Europe and the Mediterranean for centuries,
culminating in the Armenian genocide in the 20th century, which Turkey still refuses to
acknowledge, let alone apologise for.
Dimitar Angelov[18] elucidates the impact of the Ottoman Jihad on the vanquished
Balkan populations:
"…the conquest of the Balkan Peninsula accomplished by the Turks over the course of about
two centuries caused the incalculable ruin of material goods, countless massacres, the
enslavement and exile of a great part of the population – in a word, a general and
protracted decline of productivity, as was the case with Asia Minor after it was occupied by
the same invaders. This decline in productivity is all the more striking when one recalls that
in the mid-fourteenth century, as the Ottomans were gaining a foothold on the peninsula,
the States that existed there – Byzantium, Bulgaria and Serbia – had already reached a
rather high level of economic and cultural development….The campaigns of Mourad II
(1421-1451) and especially those of his successor, Mahomet II (1451-1481) in Serbia,
Bosnia, Albania and in the Byzantine princedom of the Peloponnesus, were of a particularly
devastating character."
This Ottoman Jihad tradition is still continued by "secular" Turkey to this day. Michael J.
Totten visited Varosha, the Ghost City of Cyprus[19], in 2005. The city was deserted
during the Turkish invasion of Cyprus in 1974 and is now fenced off and patrolled by the
Turkish occupiers. The Turks carved up the island. Greek Cypriot citizens in Varosha
expected to return to their homes within days. Instead, the Turks seized the empty city
and wrapped it in fencing and wire.
In March 2006, Italian Luigi Geninazzi[20] made a report from the same area. 180,000
persons live in the northern part of the island, 100,000 of whom are colonists originally
from mainland Turkey.
According to Geninazzi, the Islamisation of the north of Cyprus has been concretised in
the destruction of all that was Christian. Yannis Eliades, director of the Byzantine
Museum of Nicosia, calculates that 25,000 icons have disappeared from the churches in
the zone occupied by the Turks. Stupendous Byzantine and Romanesque churches,
imposing monasteries, mosaics and frescoes have been sacked, violated, and destroyed.
Many have been turned into restaurants, bars, and nightclubs.
Geninazzi confronted Huseyn Ozel, a government spokesman for the self-proclaimed
Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, with this. Most of the mosques in Greek Cypriot
territory have been restored. So why are churches still today being turned into mosques?
The Turkish Cypriot functionary spreads his arms wide: "It is an Ottoman custom..."
A person from Finland, one of the northernmost countries in Europe which has had very
little direct experience with Jihad, can perhaps be excused for understanding so little of
it. But people from Russia, a country which was once under the Tartar Yoke, should know
better. So why are the Russians[21] helping The Islamic Republic of Iran with missile[22]
and nuclear technology that will eventually be used to intimidate the West? Are the
Russians so naive that they believe this beast won't eventually come back to bite them,
too? Iran is secretly training Chechen rebels in sophisticated terror techniques to enable
them to carry out more effective attacks against Russian[23] forces, the Sunday
Telegraph has revealed.
Islam was controlled in the Soviet Union but has had a renaissance since its downfall in
1991, helped by funds from the Middle East. This re-Islamisation of Central Asia should
really worry the Russians. They are spending hundreds of millions of dollars on a border
security[24] project in the region, partly to avoid being demographically overwhelmed by
Muslims. But the problem exists within Russia itself, too.
Russia's non-Muslim population is declining, but numbers are rising in Muslim regions.
Will the country called Russia still exist in the future? And if so, will it be the Russia of
Pushkin or of Abdullah? It is understandable that the Russians have Great Power
ambitions of their own. However, one would hope that they will wake up, remember their
history and realise that there are worse threats out there than American power.
Paul Fregosi has pointed out that "Western colonisation of nearby Muslim lands lasted
130 years, from the 1830s to the 1960s. Muslim colonisation of nearby European lands
lasted 1300 years, from the 600s to the mid-1960s. Yet, strangely, it is the Muslims, the
Arabs and the Moors to be precise, who are the most bitter about colonialism and the
humiliations to which they have been subjected; and it is the Europeans who harbor the
shame and the guilt. It should be the other way around."
Janos (John) Hunyadi, Hungarian warrior and captain-general, is today virtually unknown
outside Hungary, but he probably did more than any other individual in stemming the
Turkish invasion in the fifteenth century. His actions spanned all the countries of the
Balkans, leading international armies, negotiating with kings and popes. Hunyadi died of
plague after having destroyed an Ottoman fleet outside Belgrade in1456. His work
slowed the Muslim advance, and may thus have saved Western Europe from falling to
Islam. By extension, he may have helped save Western civilisation in North America and
Australia, too. Yet hardly anybody in West knows who he is. Our children don't learn his
name, they are only taught about the evils of Western colonialism and the dangers of
Islamophobia.
Western Europe today is a strange and very dangerous mix of arrogance and self-
loathing. Muslims are creating havoc and attacking their non-Muslim neighbours from
Thailand to India. It is extremely arrogant to believe that the result will be any different
in the Netherlands, Britain or Italy, or for that matter in the United States or Canada,
than it has been everywhere else. It won't. If we had the humility to listen to the advice
of the Hindus of India or even our Christian cousins in south-eastern Europe, we wouldn't
be in as much trouble as we are now.
On the other hand, if we didn't have such a culture of self-loathing, where our own
cultural traditions are ridiculed in favor of a meaningless Multicultural cocktail, we
probably wouldn't have allowed massive Muslim immigration, either. There doesn't have
to be a contradiction between being proud of your own cultural heritage and knowing that
there may still be lessons you can learn from others. A wise man can do both.
Westerners of or our age do neither. Sun Tzu[25], a contemporary of the great Chinese
thinker Confucius, wrote The Art of War, the influential book on military strategy, 2500
years ago. It is a book that deserves to be read in full, but perhaps the most famous
quotation from it is this one:
"So it is said that if you know your enemies and know yourself, you will not be imperiled in
a hundred battles; if you do not know your enemies but do know yourself, you will win one
and lose one; if you do not know your enemies nor yourself, you will be imperiled in every
single battle."
The West has forgotten who our enemies are, but worse, we have also forgotten who we
are. We are going to pay a heavy price for this historical amnesia.
Source:
http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/013369.php
1. http://www.amazon.com/Jihad-West-Muslim-Conquests-Centuries/dp/1573922471/
2. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=22314
3. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=22476&only
4. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=22333
5. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/011437.php
6. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/005865.php
7. http://www.opinionjournal.com/federation/feature/?id=110008181
8. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/006114.php
9. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/013044.php
10. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/007042.php
11. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/011083.php
12. http://www.spiegel.de/international/spiegel/0,1518,383962,00.html
13. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/000625.php
14. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/07/turkish-and-albanian-flags-to-be.html
15. http://euobserver.com/9/22338
16. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/09/last-orthodox-church-in-kosovo-might.html
17. http://www.adnki.com/index_2Level_English.php?cat=Politics&loid=8.0.334408002&par=0
18. http://www.andrewbostom.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=78&Itemid=27
19. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=18088_The_Ghost_City_of_Cyprus
20. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/010542.php
21. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/008230.php
22. http://43.317.5.383subf85:Oxojllw754896853415ИШ http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?
xml=/news/2005/10/16/wiran16.xml&sSheet=/portal/2005/10/16/ixportaltop.html
23. http://53.485.-2.260plusf67:OVpktrj211158769438ЧМ
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml;jsessionid=NM0GT50CSRAIHQFIQMFCFFWAVCBQYIV0?
xml=/news/2005/11/27/wchech27.xml&sSheet=/news/2005/11/27/ixworld.html
24. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/007225.php
25. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sun_Tzu
2.93 A European Declaration of Independence
By Fjordman
After the death a while ago of Rinie Mulder[1], a 54-year old indigenous Dutchman who
was shot by a police officer, non-immigrant citizens went on a rampage in Utrecht.
Apparently Mulder intervened when Muslim youths harassed a pregnant native Dutch
woman. Locals claim the police have failed to protect them for years. They say the
authorities are afraid of the immigrants and tolerate their criminal behaviour.
This issue is not just about Utrecht or Holland. Similar resentment against Muslim
immigrants, but at least as much against their own authorities, is quietly brewing among
the natives all over Western Europe.
It is insulting that two thirds of the Dutch, one of the founding members of the European
community, voted against the proposed EU Constitution, and yet EU leaders will
apparently just ignore this and force their massively undemocratic Constitution down
people's throats anyway. The German Presidency wants EU leaders to agree on a text for
a new treaty by February 2008. The label 'Constitution' is to be dropped[2], in order to
avoid further referendums.
European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso expressed unease[3] with the
prospect of a second Dutch constitution referendum. "Referendums make the process of
approval of European treaties much more complicated and less predictable," he said "If a
referendum had been held on the creation of the European Community or the
introduction of the Euro, do you think these would have passed?"
Although the EU warns against "Islamophobia[4]," those who live in the real world know
that there has been an explosion of violent infidelophobia in Western Europe staged by
Muslim immigrants. This wave of violence especially targets Jews[5], but the attacks
against Christians[6] that are going on in the Middle East are increasingly spreading to
Europe as well[7]. In more and more cities across the continent, non-Muslims are being
harassed, robbed, mugged, raped, stabbed and even killed by Muslims. Native Europeans
are slowly becoming second-rate citizens in their own countries.
This violence by Muslims is usually labelled simply as "crime," but I believe it should
more accurately be called Jihad. Those who know early Islamic history, as described in
books such as The Truth About Muhammad[8] by Robert Spencer, know that looting and
stealing the property of non-Muslims[9] has been part and parcel of Jihad from the very
beginning. In fact, so much of the behaviour of Muhammad himself and the early
Muslims could be deemed criminal[10] that it is difficult to know exactly where crime
ends and Jihad begins. In the city of Oslo, for instance, it is documented that some of the
criminal Muslim gangs also have close ties to radical religious groups (33) at home and
abroad. As Dutch Arabist Hans Jansen points out[11], the Koran is seen by some Muslims
as a God-given "hunting licence," granting them the right to assault and even murder
non-Muslims. It is hardly accidental that while Muslims make up about 10% of the
population in France, they make up an estimated 70% of French prison inmates[12].
In the city of Antwerp, Belgium, Marij Uijt den Bogaard[13] from 2003 to 2006 worked as
a civil servant in the immigrant borough of Berchem. She noted how radical Islamist
groups began to take over the immigrant neighbourhoods, but was fired when she
warned against this danger in her reports to the authorities:
"Many victims of burglaries in houses and cars, of steaming and other forms of violence,
can testify that aggression by Muslims is not directed against brothers and sisters, but
against whoever is a kafir, a non-believer. Young Muslims justify their behaviour towards
women who do not wear the headscarf, whether Muslim or non-Muslim, by referring to the
Salafist teaching which says that these women are whores and should be treated as such.
They told me this. I wrote it down in my reports, but the authorities refuse to hear it."
Filmmaker Pierre Rehov tells how[14] a friend of his is a retired chief of police who used
to be in charge of the security of a major city in the south of France. According to him,
80% of the rapes in the area were made by Muslim young men. In most cases, the
parents would not understand why they would be arrested. The only evil those parents
would see, genuinely, was the temptation that the male children had to face from infidel
women.
The wave of robberies the increasingly Muslim-dominated city of Malmö is witnessing is
part of a "war against Swedes," this according to statements from the immigrant youths
themselves. "When we are in the city and robbing, we are waging a war, waging a war
against the Swedes." This argument was repeated several times. "Power for me means
that Swedes shall look at me, lie down on the ground and kiss my feet."
Jonathan Friedman, an American living in Sweden, mentions that the so-called
Integration Act of 1997 proclaimed that "Sweden is a Multicultural society[15]." The Act
implicitly states that Sweden doesn't have a history, only the various ethnic groups that
live there. Native Swedes have been reduced to just another ethnic group in Sweden,
with no more claim to the country than the Somalis who arrived there last Thursday. As
Friedman puts it: "In Sweden, it's almost as if the state has sided with the immigrants
against the Swedish working class."
Pierre Schori, Minister for immigration, during a parliamentary debate in 1997 said that:
"Racism and xenophobia should be banned and chased [away]," and that one should not
accept "excuses, such as that there were flaws in the immigration and refugee policies."
In other words: It should be viewed as a crime for the indigenous population not to assist
in wiping themselves out. The state is turned into an enemy of the very population it is
supposed to protect. Swedes pay some of the highest tax rates in the world, and for this
they get runaway crime rates and a government that is actively hostile to their interests.
Exit the People's Home of Sweden is a book from 2005 about immigration and the
Swedish welfare state model. According to the authors, the Multicultural elites see
themselves first of all as citizens of the world. In order to emphasise and accentuate
diversity, everything that smacks of "native culture" is deliberately disparaged.
Opposition to this policy is considered a form of racism:
"The dominant ideology in Sweden, which has been made dominant by powerful methods
of silencing and repression, is a totalitarian ideology, where the elites oppose the national
aspect of the nation state."
Researchers Gert Tinggaard Svendsen og Gunnar Lind Haase Svendsen have written the
book Social Kapital [16]. When general levels of trust were measured in 86 countries, the
Nordic nations Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Finland came out on top. According to the
authors, the trust between citizens and the trust between citizens and the state is very
high in these countries, and this "social capital" is highly profitable and accounts for up a
to a quarter of these countries' wealth.
However, they also warn that such trust is vulnerable. A society can lose its social capital
and trust rather quickly, but it can take centuries to rebuild it. This social capital is now
being squandered a matter of official state policy all over Western Europe, accompanied
by wild cheers from the media and the intelligentsia.
Although such high levels of trust are in many ways attractive and desirable, they also
contain some potential pitfalls. People's trusting nature may make them easy targets for
outsiders from more cynical cultures, who view them as gullible fools. However, it also
makes them vulnerable to threats from within.
In the 1990s, Swedish authorities decided that native Swedes and their culture had no
more claim to the country than Kurds. At the same time, the country became a member
of the EU. Mass immigration to Sweden started years before EU membership and wasn't
caused by this, but the EU certainly didn't help. Now suddenly, as with other EU
members, Swedes have most of their laws passed by unelected EU bureaucrats rather
than their own elected national representatives.
Swedes were used to that laws were passed with their consent and with their best
interests in mind, because by and large they had been. Within a few years, all of this has
changed. Laws are now passed by EU bureaucrats who don't give a damn about their
interests, and by elites who don't care about their own people, in fact view them as
potential stumbling blocks for the new Multicultural society. Yet most Europeans still
follow these laws. Why? I can see at least two reasons.
Germany's ex-president Roman Herzog pointed out[17] that between 1999 and 2004, 84
percent of the legal acts in Germany stemmed from Brussels, and warned that "EU
policies suffer to an alarming degree from a lack of democracy and a de facto suspension
of the separation of powers. The question has to be raised of whether Germany can still
unreservedly be called a parliamentary democracy."
Why is this pan-European EU dictatorship still functioning? Because seeing is believing.
Most Europeans still don't know that EU leaders are using their money without their
consent to merge Europe with the Arab world[18] because their media don't tell them
this. Due to the common Euro currency and the lack of national borders they can move
around most of Europe at ease, which seems convenient. They don't physically see,
however, that the EU has also usurped the power of their national parliaments. The latter
appear to be working just as always, but have now been reduced to implementing the
policies of unelected Eurocrats.
The second reason is because ordinary European citizens are held hostage by their own
law-abiding nature. Abiding by rules and regulations used to serve them well in the past,
but things have changed. Even the laws that are in their interest are no longer upheld.
Their nations have vacated their national borders and the ensuing uncontrolled mass
immigration is creating rampant urban insecurity.
For Dutchmen, in what once was a peaceful and orderly country, to go against decades of
indoctrination to stage something like the recent uprisings in Utrecht, they have to feel
an extreme amount of repressed frustration and anger. Perhaps they watched the media
reactions to the Muslim riots in France, which were sympathetic and were followed by
promises from political leaders to listen to the "legitimate grievances" of the rioters.
Perhaps the native Dutch in Utrecht thought that hey, we are quiet and peaceful and yet
we get only contempt from our so-called leaders. Muslims burn stuff and get concessions.
Perhaps we should start burning stuff, too. What have we got to lose? We're already
losing our country.
The excellent Chinese blogger Ohmyrus[19] has warned against precisely this:
"While it took a long time for Europeans to learn to settle their differences peacefully
through the ballot box, this important lesson is slowly being unlearned. The lesson learned
from the Danish cartoon affair is that violence pays. Most Western governments caved in by
issuing apologies or condemning the cartoons instead of defending free speech. Soon
groups that oppose immigration will turn to violence too. If European democracies cannot
manage their ethnic tensions, democracy will break down, ushering in dictatorial rule."
In a British poll from January 2007[20], a massive 82% disagreed (57% strongly) as to
whether the government was in control of immigration. When asked if the government
was "open and honest" about the scale of immigration into Britain, 80% disagreed. Sir
Andrew Green, chairman of Migrationwatch, said: "After a decade of efforts to stifle
debate, there is now a fundamental lack of trust between the Government and the public
on this issue." The numbers also "reflect a deep underlying resentment among the public
that they have not had any opportunity to express their views – still less to be consulted
- on a matter of major importance to them and to the future of our country."
According to Theodore Dalrymple[21], "For the last 40 years, government policy in
Britain, de facto if not always de jure, has been to render the British population virtually
defenceless against criminals and criminality. Almost alone of British government policies,
this one has been supremely effective: no Briton nowadays goes many hours without
wondering how to avoid being victimised by a criminal intent on theft, burglary, or
violence."
He fears that "the failure of the state to protect the lives and property of its citizens, and
to take seriously its duty in this regard, creates a politically dangerous situation, for it
puts the very legitimacy of the state itself at risk. The potential consequences are
incalculable, for the failure might bring the rule of law itself into disrepute and give an
opportunity to the brutal and the authoritarian."
In Norway, local politician Bengt Michalsen had a tape[22] from a surveillance camera
clearly identifying two youths as doing damage to a van at a car park. He delivered the
tape to the police, and months later received a note that the case had been dismissed
because the police didn't have the capacity to prosecute it. According to the local police
chief, the public "just had to get used to" the fact the police wouldn't spend time on petty
crime.
So, that means that Scandinavians will have to protect our own property, right? Not
exactly. The authorities just want us to take it lying down and do nothing.
In Denmark, at least one of three would-be robbers shot by a watchmaker plans to file
for compensation[23] over wrongful injury, loss of work time and loss of the ability to
work. The three threatened the watchmaker by putting a fake pistol up to his chin, but
he had a real pistol behind his counter and managed to fire it. He was charged with
unlawful possession of a firearm and taken into police custody. Attorney Svend Raether
said that it is possible for the thief to receive compensation, despite having been injured
while committing a crime.
Citizens in Western European countries pay high taxes to a state that is totally incapable
of protecting our most basic rights, and is frequently unwilling even to try. With hate
speech laws we are deprived of the right to protest against being swamped by
immigration that will eventually render us minorities in our own countries. The law is
used to punish the law-abiding while the criminals rule the streets.
If the authorities refuse to uphold the laws designed to protect us and keep passing new
laws that threaten the freedom of our children and the survival of our nations, we will
sooner or later have to decide when civil disobedience becomes not just a right, but a
duty. And I fear what will happen once we reach that point, which may not be too far off.
Judging from the recent uprisings in Utrecht, this process has already begun.
Vladimir Bukovksy, a former Soviet dissident, fears that the European Union is on its way
to becoming another Soviet Union[24]:
"The sooner we finish with the EU the better. The sooner it collapses the less damage it will
have done to us and to other countries. But we have to be quick because the Eurocrats are
moving very fast. It will be difficult to defeat them. Today it is still simple. If one million
people march on Brussels today these guys will run away to the Bahamas. If tomorrow half
of the British population refuses to pay its taxes, nothing will happen and no-one will go to
jail. Today you can still do that."
Mr. Bukovsky is right. Europeans should launch tax rebellions and stage street
demonstrations in every major European city until Muslim immigration is ended. We
should stage a Million Man March to Brussels, for instance on September 11th this year,
to demand that the pan-European dictatorship called the European Union is dismantled.
We need to get angry and squeeze our so-called leaders into doing this, since they
obviously understand nothing else.
Here is what Thomas Jefferson wrote in the American Declaration of Independence[25]
from 1776:
"That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right
of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its
foundation on such principles and organising its powers in such form, as to them shall seem
most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. [...] It is their right, it is their duty, to
throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security."
Europeans are currently subject to worse insults from our governments than the
Americans were at that time, being persecuted in our own cities and subject to a
government-supported program of gradual cultural eradication. We need a European
Declaration of Independence, calling for our emancipation from the bureaucratic
feudalism of Brussels and the totalitarian ideology of multiculturalism. Allow me to write
the first draft:
A European Declaration of Independence
We, the citizens of the United Kingdom, The Netherlands, Spain, Italy, Germany, Sweden,
Denmark, Ireland, Hungary, (fill in the blanks) demand that the following steps are taken
immediately:
We demand that our national governments should immediately and without delay pull their
countries out of the European Union, which should be dismantled entirely. European
citizens pay up to half of their salaries in direct or indirect taxes to their nation states. If
these nations do not control their own borders nor their policies, and they don't as long as
the EU exists, those taxes are a scam. National taxes require national borders. If our
national borders are not enforced, we have no obligation whatsoever to pay national taxes.
We demand that all documents regarding the Euro-Arab Dialogue and the creation of the
Eurabian networks for "Euro-Mediterranean cooperation" between European countries and
Arab countries since the 1970s, as documented by Bat Ye'or's work on Eurabia, are
published and explained in their full significance to the general public. Those chiefly
responsible for this - one of the greatest betrayals in the history of Western civilisation -
should stand trial, followed by a period of general de-Eurabification of our laws and
regulations.
We demand that all financial support to the Palestinian Authority should cease immediately.
It is proven beyond any doubt that this has in the past been used to finance campaigns of
Jihad terrorism against Jews in Israel and against Christians in territories under PA control.
A public statement in support of Israel against Muslim aggression should be issued, and the
money that has previously been awarded to Palestinians should be allocated partly to
Israel's defence, partly to establish a Global Infidel Defence Fund with the stated goal of
disseminating information about Muslim persecution of non-Muslims worldwide.
We demand that the ideology of multiculturalism should immediately be removed from all
government policies and school curricula, and that the state should adopt a policy of
supporting the continuation of the cultural heritage and traditions of the indigenous
populations. Multiculturalism has never been about tolerance. It is an anti-Western hate
ideology championed as an instrument for unilaterally dismantling European culture. As
such, it is an evil ideology bent on an entire culture's eradication, and we, the peoples of
Europe, have not just a right, but a duty to resist it and an obligation to pass on our
heritage to future generations.
We demand that all Muslim immigration in whatever form should be immediately and
completely halted, and that our authorities take a long break from mass immigration in
general until such a time when law and order has been reestablished in our major cities.
We will not accept any accusations of "racism." Many European nations have for decades
accepted more immigration into our countries in a shorter period of time than any other
people has done peacefully in human history.
We are sick and tired of feeling like strangers in our own lands, of being mugged, raped,
stabbed, harassed and even killed by violent gangs of Muslim thugs, yet being accused of
"racism and xenophobia" by our media and intimidated by our own authorities to accept
even more such immigration.
Europe is being targeted for deliberate colonisation by Muslim states, and with coordinated
efforts aimed at our Islamisation and the elimination of our freedoms. We are being subject
to a foreign invasion, and aiding and abetting a foreign invasion in any way constitutes
treason. If non-Europeans have the right to resist colonisation and desire self-
determination then Europeans have that right, too. And we intend to exercise it.
If these demands are not fully implemented, if the European Union isn't dismantled,
multiculturalism isn't rejected and Muslim immigration isn't stopped, we, the peoples of
Europe, are left with no other choice than to conclude that our authorities have abandoned
us, and that the taxes they collect are therefore unjust and that the laws that are passed
without our consent are illegitimate. We will stop paying taxes and take the appropriate
measures to protect our own security and ensure our national survival.
Sources:
http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=DFBC5B1B-02E3-4323-AECC-CC95AC15F905
1. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1976
2. http://www.euractiv.com/en/constitution/merkel-drops-constitution-label-eu-summit/article-162389
3. http://euobserver.com/9/23429
4. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=23705_The_Islamophobia_Circus_Comes_to_Town&only
5. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/11/are-muslims-jews-of-today.html
6. http://www.spiegel.de/international/spiegel/0,1518,457002,00.html
7. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1862
8. http://www.amazon.com/Truth-About-Muhammad-Intolerant-Religion/dp/1596980281/
9. http://www.faithfreedom.org/Articles/sina/looting.htm
10. http://www.answering-islam.de/Main/Muhammad/Enemies/asma.html
11. http://snouck.blogspot.com/2007/03/hunting-licence.html
12. http://www.islamonline.net/English/News/2005-06/19/article04.shtml
13. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1970
13. http://36.134.-5.453plusf64:IKpldlt249731798277ПЂ
14. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=21502
15. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/07/let-them-eat-kebab-new-marie.html
16. http://www.dagbladet.no/magasinet/2007/02/07/491296.html
17. http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1767864/posts
18. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/eurabia-code_19.html
19. http://democracyreform.blogspot.com/2006/11/democracy-needs-reformation-by-ohmyrus.html
20. http://www.migrationwatchuk.org/pressreleases/pressreleases.asp?dt=30-January-2007
21. http://www.city-journal.org/html/16_3_oh_to_be.html
22. http://www.vg.no/pub/vgart.hbs?artid=181034
23. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/100249.html
24. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/865
25. http://www.ushistory.org/declaration/document/index.htm
2.94 Conservatives discussing future solutions for Europe
This will add to several of the ongoing discussions and potential solutions.
The "Atatürk approach" has already failed
Many moderate cultural conservatives have suggested that banning Sharia will solve all
our problems and force the Muslims to integrate. Unfortunately, Islam is a lot more
resilient than most people can comprehend.
Any "Atatürk approach" will not solve anything but only delay the inevitable. Turkey
became secular after Mustafa Atatürk, by military force, implemented his harsh reforms
90 years ago. The result? Sharia lay dormant for 70-80 years. As soon as it was
practically possible (Turkey had to implement more human rights to appease the EU) the
former "dormant" devout Muslims resurfaced and the Islamist alliance won the last
election. The secular elites of Turkey backed by the military are now in an undemocratic
manner refusing to obey the will of the majority (Islamist alliance). Turkey is therefore a
textbook example of a dictatorship. The reason why Ataturk failed is because Islam is
extremely resilient, in fact more resilient than most people can comprehend. Taking
Sharia (and all political aspects) out of Islam is simply not possible.
Sure, we can force temporary secularisation on the Muslims but eventually, even though
they would have to wait 90 years, the demands for more Sharia will resurface. And by
then they will be in majority and can democratically do whatever they want.
So ironically, failing to take action now and deport the Muslims will result in a scenario
where Muslims will be in majority. The only way we can then prevent Sharia law from
being implemented as the only standard will be to suppress the Muslim majority through
military force just like Turkey is doing now. In other words, the humanists reluctance to
support deportation of Muslims today are therefore contributing to destroy our very
democracies. Because the end result, due to their reluctance to act, will be a Turkey style
dictatorship/fascism. I’m a strong defender of democracy and therefore cannot support
this fascist approach. We, the cultural conservative and anti-fascists of Europe must
therefore do everything possible to defend democracy and freedom and prevent a fascist
dictatorship by seizing power and enforce a harsh but just democracy. This can only be
accomplished by overthrowing the current Western European multiculturalist regimes by
seizing power through armed resistance and a military coup when the time is right. This
is the only way to safeguard democracy long term. Sure, it will be bloody. But if
democracy, our homelands and people aren’t worth certain sacrifices then what is?
I predict one of the four scenarios for W. Europe, depending on whether we succeed or
not:
1. Islam will reform to a secular "Islamic Protestantism", where all political aspects
(Sharia included) will be purged. This is unlikely.
2. Our countries will be Muslim
3. Several mini-Pakistan's will be created all over Europe, one in each country (due to
Lebanon style conflicts).
4. All Muslims (who does not convert to a non-political religion) will be deported. This will
be the alternative if the cultural conservatives of Europe succeeds in seizing power.
In scenario 2, 3 and 4 (to a certain degree scenario 1) civil war will be unavoidable in
Western Europe.
2.95 Islamisation of Europe – possible outcomes
Daniel Pipes
Q: In a recent video interview you said about the future of Islam in Europe that there's a
5% chance of harmony, and 47,5% chance for either Islam becoming dominant and
Europeans reasserting control, and that the latter option might imply a civil strife? Would
you explain what you mean?
DP: It's striking to see that the default assumption of most Europeans is that somehow
the European-Muslim relationship will work out. There may be problems today, but in the
future it will be resolved. And yet I can't see the sources of that optimism. If one looks at
Muslims living in Europe one finds retreat rather than engagement. The children of the
immigrants are more hostile toward existing European civilisation than are the
immigrants themselves. On the European side, one finds increasing worry, concern, fear
of the Muslim presence. So the hope that everyone will get along seems to be not based
on reality. Therefore I give it a very low possibility of working out. Not zero, but mimimal.
On the other hand, the alternatives between Muslim domination and European
reassertion seem to me rather balanced. I can't predict which of them is more likely to
happen. Crises ahead that have not taken place which will help determine which way
Europe goes.
Q: What kind of crises are to be expected, beyond those we have already seen?
DP: There have been small crises. The Rushdie affair. The Foulard affair. The pope affair.
But these are not real crises. Little riots here and there. But nothing that has really led to
major changes. So I think there's a gap of five, ten, fifteen years to the future. I can't
predict but it could be something like the French riots of 2005, but far more violent – not
burning cars but killing people. It could be the election of a government that could decide
to send Muslim immigrants back to their home countries. I'm unable to predict the
specific nature, I just think there are problems ahead that will show us which way Europe
is likely to head.
Source: http://www.danielpipes.org/5736/interview-with-daniel-pipes
2.96 From the death of Multiculturalism
By Fjordman
I do, unfortunately, agree with Hedegaard that we have already passed the point of no
return for serious conflicts caused by Muslim immigration. Anything we do now is damage
limitation. A Multicultural society is only temporary. Sooner or later, we will return to a
new mono-cultural society. This will happen either through the division of the previously
coherent territory into new, mono-cultural enclaves or through the takeover by society as
a whole of the most forceful and aggressive of these competing cultures.
My personal view is that the Jihad riots in France in 2005 could be interpreted as the
early stages of a civil war, one of several Eurabian civil wars to come. What will happen
to the hundreds of French nuclear warheads? Will they be used to intimidate the rest of
the West?
Maybe future historians will dub this the Multicultural World War. I find this to be a more
accurate term than "The Islamic World War" because what is causing this world war is
Western cultural weakness more than Islamic strength. The wars in the Balkans in the
1990s will in hindsight be seen as a prelude to the Multicultural World War.
It could be similar to the division of India after WW2, with the creation of one or several
Islamic "Pakistan" enclaves. All of Europe will not be lost, but some parts may be, and
many others will be damaged by the fighting. Many of our cultural treasures will burn.
It is possible that those regions of Europe where the infidels are strong enough will copy
the Benes Decrees from Czechoslovakia in 1946, when most of the so-called Sudeten
Germans, some 3.5 million people, had shown themselves to be a dangerous fifth column
without any loyalty to the state. The Czech government thus expelled them from its land.
As Hugh Fitzgerald of Jihad Watch has demonstrated, there is a much better case for a
Benes Decree for parts of Europe's Muslim population now than there ever was for the
Sudeten Germans.
The truth is that Europe has got itself into a bad fix, again, and will have some turbulent
and painful decades ahead regardless of what we do at this point. The choice is between
some pain where at least parts of Europe prevail and pain where Europe simply ceases to
exist as a Western, cultural entity.
The most civilised thing we can do in order to save ourselves, but also to limit the loss of
life among both Muslims and non-Muslims, is for Westerners and indeed infidels in
general to implement a policy of containment of the Islamic world. This includes stopping
Muslim immigration, but also by making our countries Islam-unfriendly, thus presenting
the Muslims already here between the options of adapting to our societies or leaving if
they desire sharia law. Even whispering about Jihad should be grounds for expulsion.
Since Islamic countries can use organisations such as the United Nations to influence
Western freedom of speech and immigration policies, Westerners need to discredit and
disengage from the UN as much as possible, at some point maybe withdraw from it
completely. We cannot under any circumstances allow Islamic nations to influence our
legislation.
Regaining our cultural confidence is a more complicated and longer term goal. It probably
cannot be achieved until today's version of Western Europe has collapsed. Western
Europe is now a collection of several layers of different Utopias, multiculturalism,
welfarism and transnationalism, that will soon come crashing down.
However, just as Islam isn't the cause of Europe's weakness but rather a secondary
infection, it is conceivable that the Islamic threat could have the unforeseen and ironic
effect of saving Europe from herself. Europe will go through a turbulent period of painful,
but necessary revival. Maybe Jihad will trigger a new Renaissance in the West.
Europe will bleed but she won't die. It remains to be seen whether this is wishful thinking
or whether it will actually happen. In any case, it will take time to materialise.
It may sound unrealistic to talk about the collapse of the European Union or pulling out of
the UN, but I believe things will rapidly get worse in the years ahead. A generation from
now, things that will seem improbable or outright impossible now will have come to pass.
We will see some of the largest changes in world politics since WW2, perhaps in
centuries.
Source: http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/suggestions-for-solutions-preliminary.html
2.97 Europe heading for Civil War
By Fjordman
“And what country can preserve its liberties, if it's rulers are not warned from time to time,
that this people preserve the spirit of resistance? Let them take arms.”
Thomas Jefferson
In my essay about the retreat of the Western world order[1], I mentioned the possibility
of civil strife in the West caused by runaway immigration. This is no longer just a
theoretical possibility. It is pretty clear to anybody following the developments in Europe
that the situation in France is starting to become rather serious[2]. President Jacques
Chirac threw out part of a youth labour law[3] that triggered massive protests and
strikes, bowing to intense pressure from students and unions. The unemployment rate
for youths under 26 is a staggering 22 percent nationwide, but soars to nearly 50 percent
in some of those troubled areas with many Muslim immigrants. French Jews are
leaving[4] the country in ever-growing numbers, fleeing a wave of anti-Semitism. Nidra
Poller[5], American ex-pat writer and translator in Paris, has written some appalling
stories about aggressive anti-Semitism, such as the murder and brutal torture of French
Jew Ilan Halimi early in 2006.
Muslim blogs are calling for violence against the Jews, the whites and the well-to-do.
They say, “We must burn France[6], as Hamas will burn Israel.” The growth of the Islamic
population is explosive. According to some, one out of three babies born in France is now
a Muslim. Around 70% of French prisoners[7] are Muslims. Hundreds of Muslim ghettos
are already de facto following sharia[8], not French law. Some have pointed out that the
French military are not always squeamish, but there are estimates that 15% of the
armed forces[9] are already made up of Muslims, and rising. How effective can the army
then be in upholding the French republic? At the same time, opinion polls show that the
French are now officially the most anti-capitalist nation[10] on earth. France has chosen
Socialism and Islam. It will get both, and sink into a quagmire[11] of its own making.
Some believe France will quietly become a Muslim country, others believe in civil war in
the near future:
The French Disease[12]
Within 20 years, one person out of four in France will be Muslim, and almost certainly poor
and angry. So the French disease progresses. It is chronic becoming terminal. On the way
toward collapse, there will be no civil war, just moments of harsh violence. The population
will change. People with a high level of productivity will choose exile. People with a low level
of productivity will immigrate. Jews and Christians will leave. Muslims will arrive.
The unreported race riot in France[13]
Fredric Encel, Professor of international relations at the prestigious École Nationale
d’Administration in Paris and a man not known for crying wolf, recently stated that France is
becoming a new Lebanon. The implication, far-fetched though it may seem, was that civil
upheaval might be no more than a few years off, sparked by growing ethnic and religious
polarisation.
I’m not sure which of these scenarios is scarier. People keep talking about the nukes that
the Iranians may get, but what about the hundreds of nuclear warheads the French
have? Will they be used to intimidate the rest of the West? How do we handle an Islamic
France, still the heartland of the European continent, with Muslim control of hundreds of
nukes? And how do we handle a Bosnia or Lebanon with a population much larger than
either of these countries, and with hundreds of nuclear warheads at stake?
If Muslim immigration continues, the impending fall of France could mark the starting
point of the Balkanisation of much of Europe, perhaps later even North America. I fear
this is a world war. Maybe future historians will dub it the Multicultural World War. Just as
WW1 was caused by Imperialism, WW2 by Fascism and the Cold War by Communism,
this one will be caused by multiculturalism. The term “the Multicultural World War” has
been coined by Fjordman. I find this to be more accurate than “The Islamic World War”
because what will cause this world war is Western cultural weakness, through
multiculturalism and Muslim immigration, rather than Islamic strength. As poster DP111
says, this world war may very well be in the form of a global civil war, where you get a
succession of civil wars instead of countries invading other countries. Multiculturalism and
uncontrolled mass-immigration destroy the internal cohesion of the decadent West, which
will slowly fall apart as it has lost the will to defend itself and the belief in its own culture.
The wars in the Balkans in the 1990s will in hindsight be seen as a prelude to the
Multicultural World War. Rather than a Westernisation of the Balkans, we get a
Balkanisation of the West.
I guess there is some poetic justice in the fact that the country that initiated and has led
the creation of Eurabia now gets consumed by its own Frankenstein monster, but we
should not gloat over this. The downfall of France is very bad news for the rest of the
West. Again, what happens to their nukes and military resources? As stated in the book
“Eurabia” by Bat Ye’or, the merger of Europe and the Arab-Islamic world has been
encouraged by the French political elite in particular at least since the early 1970s, with a
vision of creating a united Europe and Mediterranean basin under French leadership, in
what has basically been a French dream since the age of Napoleon, the great hero of
current French PM de Villepin. Several prominent French leaders stated quite openly in
2005 that the proposed EU Constitution was basically an enlarged France. Justice Minister
Dominique Perben said: “We have finally obtained this ‘Europe à la française’ that we
have awaited for so long. This constitutional treaty is an enlarged France[14]. It is a
Europe written in French.” Education Minister François Fillon stated: “This Constitution
allows the French ambition to assert itself in the big Europe that General de Gaulle hoped
and prayed for.” The French dream of an enlarged France. What they may get is a France
carved into tiny pieces.
My personal belief is not that we are witnessing the final triumph of Eurabia, but rather
the last spasms of the Eurabian Union. There will be at least as big changes in Western
Europe over the coming generation as there were in Eastern Europe following the fall of
the Berlin Wall. There will be the downfall and disintegration of an anti-democratic,
bureaucratic superstate, the European Union instead of the Soviet Union, and there will
be the downfall of “soft Socialism” in the shape of the Multicultural welfare state in the
West just as you had the downfall of the “hard Socialism” in the East. The difference is
that the downfall of Communism in the East happened through a relatively bloodless
“Velvet Revolution,” whereas the downfall of multiculturalism in the West may turn out to
be anything but bloodless. And it will come, sooner than many people think.
Multiculturalism, cultural Marxism and the idea of forced cultural equality, will collapse
just as Communism, the idea of economic Marxism and forced economic equality fell.
The difference is that when Communism was discredited in Eastern Europe, it was still
Poles who lived in Polish cities, Bulgarians who lived in Bulgarian cities etc. When the veil
of multiculturalism disappears, it will be Pakistanis who live in London, Turks who live in
Berlin, Algerians who live in Paris and Moroccans who live in Amsterdam. And then the
show begins.
Europe may not be finished yet, but she will go through a painful period of transition
even if we do get a rebirth here. It should be noted that a revolution doesn’t usually
come when the oppression is at its worst, but when the grip of the authorities and their
totalitarian ideology, in this case multiculturalism and political correctness, seems to be
slipping. This was the case with the Soviet Union in the 1980s, and it will be the case
with the European Union now. I see increasing signs that the idea of multiculturalism is
on the retreat. Even Germany’s and Europe’s largest newspaper ran a series about the
collapse of multiculturalism recently.
I am not alone in predicting such a turbulent scenario. Prominent critic of Islam in
Denmark, Lars Hedegaard, is quoted in Bruce Bawer’s book “While Europe Slept, How
Radical Islam is Destroying the West from Within” in support of this dark view:
“If there’s any hope,” Hedegaard suggested dryly, borrowing a line he knew I’d recognise
from 1984, “it lies in the proles.” Yet we both knew that the “proles” – if they did take over
the reins from the elite – might well lead Europe back down the road to fascism. He did
admit that he was glad to be living in Denmark and not elsewhere in Western Europe: “If
there’s any place where there’s hope, it’s got to be this country.” But Hedegaard didn’t hold
out much hope even for Denmark. “Unless they build up a cadre of intellectuals in Europe
who can think,” he said, America “can kiss Europe good-bye.” The Continent’s future, he
predicted, “is going to be vastly different than we imagine.. It’s going to be war. Like
Lebanon,” with some enclaves dominated by Christians and others by Muslims. There will
be “permanent strife,” and no one will have the “power to mollify or mediate… It will be
more gruesome than we can imagine.” When the horror comes, he warned, the journalists
who helped to bring it about will “wag their heads and flee – and leave it to those who can’t
flee to fight it out.”
The population movements we are witnessing now are the largest and fastest in human
history. In Europe, they can only be compared to the period often referred to as the
Migration Period, following the disintegration of the Roman Empire. However, during the
4th and 5th centuries, the total human population of the world was in the order of 200
million. Today, it is 30 times larger than that, and still growing fast. We also have
communications that can transport people anywhere on earth within hours, and media
that show ordinary people how much better life is in other countries. On top of that, the
Romans didn’t have human rights lawyers advocating that millions of barbarians be let
into their lands. Is it a coincidence that the last time we had migrations like this was
when large parts of the European continent suffered a complete civilisational breakdown?
Is that what we are witnessing now? The second fall of Rome[15]?
Both Thailand and the Philippines, countries where the Muslim population is not much
larger than it is in some Western European countries, are facing war. Countries such as
France, Holland and Sweden could soon reach a point where the Muslim population will
create something akin to civil war, as it already has in the above-mentioned nations. The
Islamic world is now at war with most of the major powers on the planet at the same
time, from the USA to India and from Russia to Western Europe. It is a real possibility
that we will get a full-blown world war because of these events. If so, I don’t think this
will happen 50 years from now, but within the coming generation.
There are several possible scenarios:
1. Eurabia
The EU continues its transformation into a continent-wide organisation with clear
totalitarian leanings, and a very pro-Islamic stance. Europe’s fate is sealed when Turkey
is allowed into the Union, and becomes its largest member. Historian Bat Ye’or, who first
coined the term “Eurabia”, thinks that Europe’s ties with the Arab-Islamic world are now
so firmly entrenched and established that Eurabia is an irreversible fact. Europe will
cease to be a Western, democratic continent, and will become an appendix to the Arab
world. Eurabia will become a global center for Jihad activities, as the dhimmi taxpayers
and infidel Western technology give a boost to the Ummah. Muslims will be heavily
concentrated in the major cities, and the dhimmi native population will retreat into the
countryside. The old nation states will thus slowly die, as their major cities, which
constitute the brain and “head” of its culture, are cut off from the rest of the body.
Europe’s decline into Eurabia will be speeded up by the fact that millions of educated
natives with the means to it will move to the USA or other nations. There will be no
major war in Western Europe, as its civilisation is already dead and very few will bother
fighting for it.
The only violence will be sporadic Islamic terror attacks to induce fear, and occasional
Muslim mob assaults in European streets to remind the dhimmis who is boss. It is
conceivable that the center of European civilisation will move from Western Europe to
Eastern Europe, but even Eastern Europe will be put under severe pressure from
Muslims, both in the Middle East and in the West. The basic rule is that the areas Muslims
have taken into possession remain in Islamic hands, while the native population and
culture is slowly eradicated. If this holds true for us today, then parts of Western Europe
are already lost, and will indeed become Eurabia as Bat Ye’or predicts. There are not too
many instances I know of where areas once under the sway of Islam have been
reclaimed by infidels. The most obvious is of course Spain and the Iberian Peninsula,
where the Reconquista took quite a few centuries. I know the Sikhs have kicked Muslims
out of Punjab, India. Parts of present-day Israel could be counted, although Arabs and
Muslims are trying very hard to wipe Israel off the map. And maybe some of China’s
Western provinces could be included. Islam has not been eradicated there, but it is
visibly retreating as Chinese authorities are suppressing any signs of rebellion.
What these examples have in common is that both the Christians in Spain, the Sikhs in
India and the Jews in Israel were fighting Islam with powerful religious convictions of
their own. The Chinese are not usually very religious, but they have an equally strong,
even ruthless nationalism and belief in their own civilisation. If history is any guide,
today’s decadent, bored, post-religious and post-nationalist Europe will be no match for
Islam, unless it rediscovers a belief in its own culture and a will to defend it. This will
have to happen soon, or the Islamic demographic conquest of much of the continent will
be an irreversible fact, anyway. The result of this will then either be Eurabia or a
Pakistanisation of Europe, the way we have already seen for generations in the Balkans.
2. War
Personally, I think this alternative is at least as likely as the above “Eurabia” scenario. It
also contains several sub-scenarios, partly depending upon when the eventual war starts,
and partly on whether there is still some Western pride and resistance left in Europe
underneath the self-loathing and multiculturalism:
The Pakistanisation of Europe
Muslims aren’t numerous enough to control the entire continent. In the event of war,
there will be mutual ethnic cleansing and Muslims will seize parts of Western Europe. For
instance, a belt stretching from parts of Germany via Belgium and Holland to France, but
maybe even regions within certain nation states. All of Europe will not be lost, but some
parts will, and many others will be deeply damaged by the fighting. Many of our cultural
treasures will burn. How things will go from there is difficult to predict. Perhaps this new
“Pakistan” in the heart of Europe will be the source of constant instability and the staging
ground for Jihad incursions into infidel areas, just as Pakistan is to India now. Perhaps we
will see a slow reconquest of this area, possibly taking generations or even centuries.
Muslim de facto control of hundreds of French nuclear warheads will make the situation a
lot more dangerous.
Of course, it could be more than one Muslim region. Kosovo and in part Bosnia are
functioning as Islamic bridgeheads in Europe at this moment. There could be several
mini-Pakistans created all over the place. In fact present day Kosovo walks, talks and
looks like a mini-Pakistan. The “zones” in France sound suspiciously like Muslim
“mohallas” in India although the situation is not as bad as in France.
Reconquista - The Second Expulsion of the Moors
Muslims strike too early, before they are ready to seize control over major chunks of
Europe. They overestimate their own power, and underestimate the strength that is still
left in Europe. It will start, as these things always do, before anyone is ready. Everyone,
the Islamists, the proto-dhimmis, the neo-nationalists, the sleepwalking middle class,
thinks they have more time than they do. It may start more or less by accident, like
WWI, through the act of a fringe player unaware of the forces involved or the stakes of
the game. Once a full-blown civil war starts in one country, it can, and probably will,
spread to other countries. Given the European Union’s borderless nature, it is unlikely
that war will be limited to one nation only. This will create a domino effect, and Muslims
will be expelled from Europe yet again, after major bloodshed and millions of dead across
the continent. This will result in the collapse of the EU. The Arab world will support the
Muslims and will prolong the war, but they won’t win it.
Cultures collide: Muslim immigrants will be expelled from Europe unless they
reverse the growing perception of them as a social threat[16]
The Muslims refused to assimilate. They were expelled. This was the story in Europe 400
years ago. We are watching the sequel today. In the clash of cultures between secular
Europeans and extremist Muslims, there can ultimately be no compatibility or compromise,
only loss by one side or the other of the absolute values it holds dear. European capitulation
on European soil, where they remain the dominant majority, is unlikely.
Global Civil War
Europe has been the primary staging ground for one cold and two hot world wars. It
could become a major battlefield in an Islamic or Multicultural world war, too. A world war
is already simmering, with Muslims clashes against Russia, Europe, Israel, China, India,
the USA and Southeast Asia. Once the fighting starts in Europe, it could spread outside
the continent and ignite a world war. This is the scenario of “global civil war”.
3. Western Rebirth in Europe
We should discuss the possibility of whether the Islamic threat will force the West to
rethink its values and regain its strength. Can this be done, and how would this take
place? Is it possible to avoid both major war and Eurabia or is this wishful thinking by
now? The growth of Eurabia is closely tied to the growth of the EU. Perhaps we could
derail Eurabia by dismantling the EU? This would require that Europe regain her old,
cultural and religious dynamic and repel Islam. Just as Islam isn’t the cause of Europe’s
current weakness, but rather a secondary infection, it could have the unforeseen and
ironic effect of saving Europe from herself. By quite literally putting a dagger at Europe’s
throat, the Islamic world will force Europeans to renew themselves or die. Europe will go
through a turbulent period of painful, but necessary revival, and will arrive chastened on
the other side.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/04/fall-of-france-and-multicultural-world.html
1. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/04/retreat-of-western-world-order.html
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/969
3. http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,191122,00.html
4. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/11/when-arab-torches-school-its-rebellion.html
5. http://israpundit.com/2006/?p=344
6. http://www.amnation.com/vfr/archives/005367.html
7. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/06/70-percent-of-french-prisoners-are.html
8. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/10/second-night-of-rioting-in-paris.html
9. http://www.islamonline.net/English/News/2005-01/22/article04.shtml
10. http://www.thebusinessonline.com/business_focus/Stories.aspx?StoryId=969C72F8-5017-4C86-A1EE-
8723C183C37F&page=1
http://48.583.7.754plusf51:Kjzapqk565389921175ВП
11. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/940
12. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Printable.asp?ID=21957
13. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/005655.php
14. http://www.eursoc.com/news/fullstory.php/aid/760
15. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/11/second-fall-of-rome.html
16. http://www.canada.com/nationalpost/news/story.html?id=34cbfbb7-eb95-4e77-a155-3904297e45de
2.98 Are all European men weak minded cowards or are they just brainwashed?
“Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.”
George Shaw
Why won’t more of us volunteer to fight our regimes while we still have a demographical
edge? This is a question that will follow us for the decades to come.
Mahatma Gandhi once wrote:
"Hindus are cowards and Muslims are bullies."
When I was younger and a lot more ignorant I used to ask myself this very question
about Europeans. What’s wrong with us, what’s wrong with the European modern man?
Why doesn’t he rise up against the multiculturalist elites and at least attempt to inflict
some damage or contribute to seize power on behalf of himself, his family and his
people? Many state leaders around the world are puzzled over how little resistance the
European elites are getting in their attempts to completely demographically reshape
Europe.
Even the Russian president, Vladimir Putin knows exactly what is going on as he has
publicly stated in the past:
“Western Europe is heading in a direction where they are going to become colonies of their
former colonies”.
So why is it that ordinary Europeans (especially women) fail to see what is going on
when even state leaders publicly ponders. Luckily more and more Europeans are realising
the truth but many still asks themselves; who is to blame for this?
- Why do Europeans lack cultural and political self confidence to prevent its own suicide?
- Is it genetical and a way nature is saying that Europeans are not “fit to exist” or is it just
due to decades of excessive decadence?
Certainly not. Historically, Germanians, Anglo-Saxons and other European peoples have
fought viciously and courageously against Roman occupation for several centuries until
they were finally pushed out. My own ancestors, the Vikings, were known to be the most
vicious and brutal warriors of the age and would raid significantly more developed
cultures even when outnumbered 10 to 1. Instead of looking at genes we will find the
answer if we look at the psychological condition of the modern European.
- How did we end up as cowardly eunuchs applauding our own cultural and demographical
demise?
The essence is that the US but especially W. Europe lost the cold war due to the fact that
we didn't persecute the Marxists after WW2. If we had executed each and every Marxist
and banned Marxist doctrines (not only the economical aspects but the cultural as well –
internationalism, extreme feminism, extreme egalitarianism, anti-elitism, anti-
nationalism) we would not be in the current situation. Instead, our traitorous and weak
minded post-WW2 leaders allowed the Marxists to gradually infiltrate many aspects of
society after WW2, especially our universities and the media (see the beginning of book 1
for a complete overview of how this happened). The first ML pioneers (Marxist Leninists)
were allowed to indoctrinate the 68 generation, those who run things today. The political
correctness of today is cultural Marxism as we learned in the first chapters of this
compendium. Smaller European nations are now mimicking France, Germany and the UK
who unfortunately, due to the outcome of WW2, are completely culturally dominated by
the US. The reason for this lack of "self esteem" is the absence of nationalism/nationalist
monocultural political doctrines and we all know what killed nationalism in Europe.
Hitler’s insane, genocidal and imperialistic doctrines have resulted in the post-war
situation where nationalist doctrines altogether were branded as evil. In other words,
that man contributed to completely annihilate the legitimacy and future justification of
nationalistic doctrines for several decades to come. Today, even using the word
“nationalist” will involve certain stigma thanks to 5 decades of anti-nationalist
brainwashing campaigns. These pro-multiculturalist campaigns are nothing more than
psychological brainwashing campaigns demonising anything nationalistic initiated by
individuals, groups or political parties. As we all know, nationalism represents many of
the cultural defences a civilisation has. When you deconstruct these defences the natural
result will be that you are allowing your country to become vulnerable to cultural
influence or even cultural and demographical conquest as we see today.
Nationalism is now gradually but slowly on the rise again in Europe primarily due to
Islamisation but is still systematically demonised by the current EUSSR + US cultural
hegemony.
So there you have it. Europe is heading towards cultural and demographical suicide due
to the absence of nationalistic doctrines. Nationalism is the anti-thesis of
multiculturalism/internationalism. In order for nationalism to succeed, multiculturalism
must be deconstructed and vice versa. The cultural Marxists/humanists/globalists will do
EVERYTHING in their power to prevent nationalists from succeeding as we have
witnessed now for several decades.
Campaigns of psychological warfare (anti-nationalism) have been integrated into the
school curriculums and all intellectual public frameworks. Europeans have been
psychologically conditioned into a state of denial and self contempt. A majority of
Europeans are therefore in a permanent state of psychological trauma, some nationalities
more than others.
The most severely affected are of course the Germans and the Nordic countries; Sweden,
Norway, Iceland, Finland and Denmark. The justification for demonising their forefathers
is a mixture of portraying the evil crusaders, the evil colonisers/enslavers and of course
Nazi Germany’s policies of nordicism. The clear message from our cultural elites is that
we are by definition evil and unworthy of life. And that we will do the world a big favor by
contributing to our own extermination through third world colonisation. The self loathing
runs deep through most aspects of society. To quote one of the most influential
professors in Norway, Thomas Hylland Eriksen[1]:
“Our (the Marxist elites of Europe) most important task ahead is to deconstruct the
majority, and we must deconstruct them so thoroughly that they will never be able to call
themselves the majority again”.
Later quote
“This will contribute to understanding and liberation”
The problem in our societies isn’t primarily that individuals like Eriksen exists (and
believe me, every country has their share of these highly influential anti-nationalist
intellectuals) but rather that they are allowed unrestricted access to broadcasting
networks, state channels, the main stream media in general to spread their hate-speech.
They are allowed this access because 80% of politicians and 98% of journalists (category
A and B traitors) are aiding and abetting them in the ongoing genocide. This while people
like myself, who are trying to warn people of this extremist hate speech, are
systematically ignored and demonised as, guess what; racist, fascist extremists… It is
nothing less than insane and it borders to an advanced level of psychopathic absurdity. A
majority of Europeans are still susceptible to this brainwashing although this is gradually
changing.
As you might already know I have used Facebook to build my network of like minded
individuals. During this process I have targeted and reviewed multiple right wing pan-
European/international FB groups and taken a closer look at the ratio concerning
nationality vs. political correctness. By evaluating the numbers from given countries I
have been able to determine the severity level of each country when it comes to the
success ratio of the Marxist/multiculturalist brainwashing campaigns. The following
overview will list the least affected countries (100 will indicate; relatively unaffected) to
the most affected (0). I have taken language barriers into account so the overview
should be representative.
Level of multicultural indoctrination per country
Country Level of multiculti
indoctrination
Slovakia 90
Slovenia 90
Czech Republic 80
Italy 70
Russia 70
Poland 70
Greece 60
Finland 60
Denmark 40
Portugal 40
US 30
Iceland 20
Spain 10
Luxembourg 10
Netherlands 10
Belgium 10
UK 10
France 10
Switzerland 10
Norway 8
Sweden 6
Germany 1
100 – Least brainwashed with multiculturalist propaganda
0 – Most brainwashed with multiculturalist propaganda
Germany is helpless and unable to defend itself culturally
My 2 year Facebook study proves that the above indications are correct. There is a very
clear relevance of the various national direct/indirect indoctrination campaigns and the
given state of “visible” patriotism in those countries. The visible presense of patriots
(individuals flagging patriotic views through voluntary Facebook labels (political views)
and group/fan memberships) is directly linked to the severity of that nations
indoctrination campaigns. In reality, we (Germans especially) are collectively held
responsible for all the bad things in the world which explains our current mentality of self
loathing.
Specific findings
I found approximately 50 significant patriotic British Facebook groups and 40 French
groups but I only managed to find less than 10 German groups even with the assistance
of my patriotic German Facebook contacts. The number of individuals from each country
being members of the average patriotic group (adjusted for language related factors)
correlates to the group comparison. The difference is so significant that it undisputably
confirms the miserable state of German patriotism. This again is directly linked to the
severity of the German cultural Marxist indoctrination campaigns (the American military
presence and the paralyzing Jewish Holocaust religion is a part of this picture). Germany
is in a league of its own as its people has undergone a severe and historically
unparalleled indoctrination the last 6 decades. Germany is now simply unable to build a
political defence against Islamisation and cultural Marxism/ multiculturalism due to this
ongoing state of psychological trauma and paralysis. Extra responsibility to continue
consolidation and development of our patriotic resistance movements therefore lies on
the peoples of other nations than Germany and especially the patriots in the UK and
France. This is ultimately why I have chosen my current path; to join a pan-European
military order instead of a national organisation and to offer intellectual resources to
especially my English brothers and sisters. Because by helping and supporting the
National resistance movements in the the UK and France we indirectly help our own
smaller countries. I believe that the key to freedom in Europe is directly linked to the
developments in especially the UK and France. Nationalists from the rest of Europe look
to British and French nationalists for inspiration and guidance.
How does this multiculturalist indoctrination manifest itself?
With exception of the common symptoms such as self denial, self hate etc. the perhaps
most important effect is that people are terrified of flagging their political views and
general opinions in public or in social gatherings. The various groups people join (or do
not join) on Facebook is a good indicator on how bound individuals feel by the shackles of
political correctness. Several recent polls show that Europeans are most concerned about
what effects Islam will have on their societies in the future. They are truly afraid with
good reason. These concerns even surpassed the alleged threat of global warming. So
you would think that a majority of these individuals are members of Facebook groups
such as Stop Islamisation of Europe – SIOE or similar groups. My research shows very
clearly however that people are terrified of flagging their views relating to these issues
due to political correctness. SIOE only has 5000 members as of December 2009 while
trivial and quite silly groups have hundreds of thousands, even millions of supporters.
Political correctness has paralyzing effects resulting in that the large majority of people
avoid flagging their standpoints.
However, people are starting to get immune against accusations of racism. This trend will
continue thanks to inflation of the word and an excellent effort made by right wing
political activists in spreading the truth about Islam and other issues through blogs and
other platforms. The truth is finally getting out gradually to an increasing number of
Europeans. The Islamisation is in fact acting as a cure for psychological trauma, waking
up an increasing number of Europeans from their coma.
We are slowly realising how our own elites have betrayed us and continue to do so. We
are learning that they are systematically selling the European peoples into Muslim slavery
as they continue to allow the ongoing demographic warfare, launched by the Global
Islamic Ummah. They even expect us to cheer our own extermination.
"In the beginning of a change, the patriot is a scarce man, and brave, and hated and
scorned. When his cause succeeds, the timid join him, for then it costs nothing to be a
patriot."
Mark Twain
Many Europeans put restraints on themselves because they think it’s still hope; hope to
solve our problems democratically. This leads to hesitation and delays them from joining
resistance movements. Europeans needs to understand that there is no hope of solving
our problems through our elected parliamentarians. The sooner people realise this, the
sooner they will be able to contribute to solve our core problems. Our survival depends
upon it. An increasing number of Europeans will learn in the coming two decades that the
only realistic approach to saving our identities, cultures, traditions and even nations will
be to contribute in various ways in the emerging European Resistance Movements. 7 out
of the 8 resistance fronts are non-violent. As of now, in phase 1, most people refrain
from reacting through armed resistance since they live in economic prosperity, and to
stand up for their ideas would send them into suffering. However, soon enough we will
have an economic collapse that will make the current recession look like a picnic. And
then, ordinary citizens will face suffering day in and day out. And at that point standing
up for their ideas through armed struggle will come at no extra cost. We will reach this
stage in phase 2 of the European civil war (2030-2070).
Sources:
1. http://www.culcom.uio.no/nyheter/2008/hylland-eriksen.html
2.99 The Self-Defeat of the United States
By Fjordman
At the Center for Security Policy, Caroline Glick writes about “Surviving in a Post-
American World”:
Like it or not, the United States of America is no longer the world’s policeman. This was the
message of Barack Obama’s presidential journey to Britain, France, the Czech Republic,
Turkey and Iraq this past week.
Somewhere between apologising for American history — both distant and recent;
genuflecting before the unelected, bigoted king of Saudi Arabia; announcing that he will
slash the US’s nuclear arsenal, scrap much of America’s missile defence programs and
emasculate the US Navy; leaving Japan to face North Korea and China alone; telling the
Czechs, Poles and their fellow former Soviet colonies, “Don’t worry, be happy,” as he leaves
them to Moscow’s tender mercies; humiliating Iraq’s leaders while kowtowing to Iran;
preparing for an open confrontation with Israel; and thanking Islam for its great
contribution to American history, President Obama made clear to the world’s aggressors
that America will not be confronting them for the foreseeable future.
Whether they are aggressors like Russia, proliferators like North Korea, terror exporters like
nuclear-armed Pakistan or would-be genocidal-terror-supporting nuclear states like Iran,
today, under the new administration, none of them has any reason to fear Washington.
I remember when the Iranian ex-Muslim Ali Sina, author of Understanding Muhammad,
compared the personality cult surrounding Barack Obama to that of Fascist leaders. This
might seem exaggerated, but there is definitely a personality cult surrounding Obama
which is unprecedented and deeply unhealthy. His Marxist economic policies and his bow
for the Saudi King are disturbing. I never liked Bush very much, but Obama’s
appeasement of the Islamic world trumps anything seen since the days of Dhimmi Carter,
and worse is to come.
Less than eight years after the Jihadist attacks on the USA, a
President raised as a Muslim with the middle name “Hussein”
hails Islam’s great contributions to American and Western
culture. The USA currently looks more like a defeated nation
than the world’s sole remaining superpower. It’s the only nation
in history where the majority of the population has elected a
member of an organisation known for hating the majority
population of that country.
My conclusion from 2008 still stands: Americans will soon have
their hands full with problems of their own and will be in no
position to assist anybody even if they wanted to. Europeans can and should maintain
good relations and cooperate with ordinary North American citizens, who live under the
same Multicultural regime as we do, but we cannot and should not rely on aid from the
American elites. They are as hostile as the EU elites.
2.100 Continued discussion on US-European relations
“But we cannot and should not rely on aid from the American elites”
It's never been at matter of choice for Europe to rely on aid from America. Since the
world order installed in the wake of WWII it's been a matter of staying put and obeying
to the world order. Any kind of European vitality has been suppressed under this
American hegemony (see Serbia-Milosevic and Austria-Haider). You have already heard
all the arguments about this from across the Atlantic: European nationalism is the root of
all evil, European vitality will only lead to endless wars etc. And the American reverse of
Obama is not much of a comfort. The more American nationalism grows, the more anti-
European and anti-Russian it becomes. Ralph Peters is a good example.
The Europe right-wing Americans see today and disdain is wholly a creation of America
herself. The leaders of Europe are nothing but marionettes of the current America-led
world order. But this insight has also more and more emerged among the right-wing
Americans, now that the true face of (political) America manifestly come to its closure
with Obama. But aren't there all these Americans who do not at all support Obama? Yes,
and they are like Ralph Peters.
The reason that we find a strong conservatism in America and not in Europe is that
American conservatives are not at all conservative but liberals to the core; French
Revolution egalitarians and PC addicts with fear of "racism", etc. European conservatism
is of a essentially different kind, and totally unacceptable under the current world order.
In the American mythology, which is the foundation for our current civilisational
paradigm, the old pre-WWI Europe is the worst of the evils, much worse than
Communism of fascism. After all Wilson and Roosevelt understood and respected Lenin
and Stalin. It was the old (and vital!) Europe that was Satan itself in their eyes.
The current American troops in Germany
But these American delusions had to come to and end, and thank you Obama for
executing it. As long as America has troops in Germany there is no choice for Europe
about whom to rely on. By the voice of overwhelming military force we are just forced to
stay put and shut up and keep our traitorous marionettes; since America sees European
vitality as the most evil thing in this world, Germany will be the last place they will
withdraw from. But at least the whole thing is in motion now.
It will be a chaos. After all America has shouldered the legacy of the British empire as the
world police (Never as good since America has never been able to create order. Only to
maintain it. Once it's been lost it's lost, because of America's perpetual impotence). But
changes hurt, even good and necessary changes.
“Europeans can and should maintain good relations and cooperate with ordinary North
American citizens”
Agreed. But both Americans and Europeans have a lot to learn about their real roots and
identity. We will go through many phases, of which the initial ones will be partially phony.
America as a polity is scr*wed, and thank the gods for that. Americans as a people,
though, has a substance to search back for. The same applies to Europeans. But unlike
the Americans we have an advantage of having our nations readily available just under
the surface of the prevailing delusion (the thing that the Obamas and Ralph Peters fear
and think is the root of all evil in this world).
Further comment
What culpability do Europeans themselves share in the bullying by the United States?
I've always believed that bullying requires the co-operation of the person being bullied.
For example, recently a German friend was complaining to me about how GM wouldn't let
Opel be bought by the Germans and made independent, at the behest of the US
government. I remember thinking, "Well, stick up for yourselves!" Same thing with the
Swiss banking issue recently. What if the Swiss simply said, "No, we like our banking
laws just the way they are, thankyouverymuch," instead of changing them?
What if Angela Merkel or her predecessors actually tried to get the US out of Germany?
What's stopping her now, in light of limp-wristed Obama recently being elected?
America, the most powerful European country
America and Europe should not be seen as two separate and opposing entities, but two
things in symbiosis. America is indeed a Christian European nation (in exile), and
continuing the legacy of the European history of the Enlightenment. America is indeed
the Empire of the Enlightenment; the Leftist Empire. And anyone being in doubt about
such a statement should consider how America was the first European country to
introduce a 100% income tax, and to elect someone raised as a Muslim to become
president, etc. A Leftist empire will always be in denial about being an empire at all, as
America evidently is.
And there we come to the second way in which Europeans are culpable. Europe found it
very convenient to accept America as the new leader and its new role as the irresponsible
teenager. Surely there is the trauma of the two world wars as a background for this. But
there is even more the ideology from the Enlightenment. The Europeans accepted
willingly to surrender to the American military, which has protected Europe ever since, is
calling the shots and the setup of an "eternal" (organised) peace in Europe with no more
wars.
But these were entirely different Europeans than the ones that had been running the
show up until WWI. This old ruling class had been wiped out in a collaboration between
America and the ideological movements of European socialists/liberals.
For example, recently a German friend was complaining to me about how GM wouldn't let
Opel be bought by the Germans and made independent, at the behest of the US
government. I remember thinking, "Well, stick up for yourselves!"
You are speaking of traitorous European marionette leaders under the current world order. And of
the most wing-clipped nation of them all: Germany. They will never stick up for themselves, i.e. for
their people (under the current cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regime).
What if Angela Merkel or her predecessors actually tried to get the US out of Germany?
What's stopping her now, in light of limp-wristed Obama recently being elected?
I always come back to Gaventa's power theory and his three levels (dimensions) of
power, where at the third level the oppressee is not even conscious about being
oppressed, and has no concept of her own self-interest. Angela Merkel, as the other
European leaders, is fully caught in this Matrix. Germany even more so, since the anti-
German hatred by the "world community" won't accept even a teeny weeny sign of
vitality from the Germans.
So as in any power relation, it all comes down to obeying the superior military might.
That is, as long as there is this high military presence of American troops in Germany,
Germany is afraid to do what is needed. America, being a Leftist Empire, is of course in
denial about at all being an empire, and the oppressive nature of its actions, and how it’s
all built on raw military power. So not only does Germany chose to obey the command of
America, it has to pretend that it is a friendly relationship.
... we cannot and should not rely on aid from the American elites. They are as hostile as
the EU elites.
And both of these traitorous groups deserve the same fate. Instead, it is more likely that
the bulk of America's and Europe's citizenry will necessarily suffer Islam's continued
predations until the tipping point is reached.
The tipping point will come when living w Muslims becomes more trouble than living
w Muslims. You can bet the farm that this point will be reached. Islam assures this
outcome and there is very little that Muslim nations can do to avert it. They have neither
the strategic resources nor sufficiently developed military doctrine to prevail over an
aroused and angry West.
The only variables that remain are exactly how many Westerners will have to die before
the tipping point is reached and the number of Muslims that will die as a result of that
tipping point being reached. Any delays only serve to up the butcher's bill on both sides.
Slow jihad is not invasive enough to overcome the West before it crosses the threshold of
military reprisal for continuing Islamic atrocities. Islam's inherently radical nature
prohibits the creation of any stasis or uneventful interregnum whereby slow jihad can
prevail.
Non-practising Muslims are incapable of preventing further terrorist atrocities and such
heinous crimes will assuredly expand in scope so as to inevitably bring down the West's
wrath upon Islam. Of that you can be sure.
2.101 Preserve or replace the European monarchies?
European constitutional monarchies:
- Belgium
- Denmark
- Luxembourg
- The Netherlands
- Norway
- Spain
- Sweden
- United Kingdom
How do the majority of cultural conservatives view the current state of the European
royal families and their future? What is the attitude towards the institution of Monarchy in
general? Does it have a future, perhaps even an extended role under a cultural
conservative government?
The constitution of most European countries declares that the various governments of
Europe and the commander in chief of the military forces are vested in the specific king
or queen.
More democratic than republic
The king or queen of a country is more democratic than a president ever could be
because he or she represents all citizens. An elected president would owe his selection to
a political faction, and this would publicly divide him from many of his countrymen and
would make his claim to represent "the people" less convincing. Frequent selections of
presidents would interrupt the continuity essential for an effective head of a country. An
elected president will always be partisan, whereas a monarch will not be. The king/queen
and her heirs have been trained from birth for one vocation -- that of discharging the
duties of sovereign of the country. Therefore, they are the only citizens fit to assume this
important position.
Most of the world's democracies are constitutional monarchies, whereas the majority of
undemocratic nations in the world are republics. Of course there are exceptions. Such
nations as France, and the USA are democratic republics, but by far, the majority of
republics are undemocratic. The residual powers of the King/Queen make the monarchy
more democratic. The king/queen for example, has the power to dismiss a prime minister
who is doing something illegal or is tampering with the democratic machinery in the
country. Upon the dismissal, the king/queen can call a quick election to promote
democracy.
Monarchical Government
Constitutional monarchy alone is capable of integrating the executive, legislative and
judicial functions of government. The crown's authority lends a universal legitimacy to
the many particular decisions made by and at different levels of government.
Constitutional monarchy allows the celebration of public social events, such as the
marking of collective anniversaries and the bestowal of honours, theoretically at least to
be free of the taint of partisan politics. In a world of rapid social change, where there is a
price to be paid for uncertainty, be that price only economic, constitutional monarchy
provides continuity, especially at time of political transition. As well, the monarchy gives
each country a distinctive political system at a time of strong international trade, social
and cultural influences.
Monarchy for the 21st Century
Most of the stable and prosperous democracies in the world today are constitutional
monarchies. On the other hand, most of the unstable countries in the contemporary
world are republics, many of which have overthrown their monarchies. There is a sense
of easy communication between monarchy and people, which politicians by nature are
unable to develop. Citizens participate fully in their king or queens life; they are involved
in their activities during home-comings and through the media. The colour and ceremony
which surround the monarchy attract the interest of the citizens, especially young people,
in our process of government. Through their office and person, the king/queen reflects a
civilised cultural character that embodies nationalism.
When Monarchies themselves start to propagate multiculturalism and
Islamisation
A majority of European cultural conservatives are royalists (I would say perhaps 70% or
more). However, in recent decades many are increasingly annoyed by certain factors.
Recent developments confirm that some of our royal families (some more than others)
are not acting in the interest of their country and people but instead choose a line of
appeasement and acceptance towards new multicultural and politically correct doctrines
without as much as criticising this new political line. The European Christian monarchs
are in fact Christian heads of state and have a responsibility to at least criticise the
continuous de-Christianisation of their respective countries. Yet, they do not. The
European Christian monarchs are in fact the leaders (at least symbolically) of European
civilisation and should be on the forefront to criticise the evil European hate-ideology
known as multiculturalism which sole purpose is to destroy European traditions, cultures,
identities, Christendom, and nation-states. They openly rejected another hate-ideology
(National Socialism) so why do they support multiculturalism so vividly? Is it just bad
judgment or is it treason?
Will the European monarchies survive the civil war?
To turn the problematic around: if multiculturalism is allowed to play its course
everything European will slowly erode, the monarchy included. A country with a majority
of Muslims will never accept a Christian monarch and will most likely support a republic
or at least demand that the king/queen convert or become an atheist. As for the survival
of the European monarchies throughout phase 1 through 3 it really depends on which
family you are referring to. There are a few families that are quite cultural conservative
(the Danish and Spanish house is worth noting) while other families seem to support a
cultural Marxist political direction. The British and Norwegian royal house in particular
seem to support and cheer a cultural Marxist line (multiculturalism). They seem to have
no objection against the ongoing destruction of European traditions, cultures, identities,
Christendom, and nation-states. They have chosen to be very accommodating towards
the cultural Marxist elites. As an illustration; the British Royal family has built an Islamic
prayer room in the Royal castle after pressure from the Labour Party and other
multiculturalist parties.
As we all know the monarchy has a very important function in European societies. It
should uphold and be an embodiment of the traditions and values of the country. In
Britain the House of Lords remained after the constitutional monarchy was formed to
ensure the preservation of such traditions and values from generation to generation
through the family lines of their members. When Tony Blair got rid of the system of
hereditary peers sitting in the House of Lords, supposedly in the name of democracy, he
did it to undermine these traditions and values, and replaced the hereditary peers with
sycophants and several Muslims. Baroness Warsi, for example, is a Muslim of Pakistani
parentage.
Sadly, the Queen has stood by and watched all this happen without breathing a word in
opposition. One must therefore consider that this is for either one of two reasons:
1. She is afraid that she will be the next to go.
2. She is aiding and abetting the destruction of British values and traditions.
Either way, she no longer does the job she is supposed to do and therefore should be
replaced. There would, in fact, already be a historical precedence for such a replacement
in the "Glorious Revolution" of 1688. Queen Margarethe of Denmark on the other hand
has had the courage to speak out against the Islamisation of Europe.
The cultural conservative strategy ahead
As mentioned, a large majority of cultural conservatives are royalists. We want to
preserve a monarchy that upholds its sacred oath as protector and be an embodiment of
the traditions and values of the country. The Royal families that willingly and even gladly
support the European hate-ideology known as multiculturalism will be replaced as soon
as we, the cultural conservatives, seize power. There might even be a scenario where a
monarch (supportive of cultural Marxism) decides to flee the country and chooses to
reject our cultural conservative rule. In this case, he or she will be replaced with the next
appropriate candidate in line of succession that is willing to continue to support European
values and traditions.
Britain has a relatively large line of succession so it will not prove to be that challenging
to find suitable candidates (cultural conservative). However, it might prove a lot more
difficult in countries like Norway where there are limited candidates. Christian Frederik
Carl Georg Valdemar Aksel was a Danish prince that was elected to be the King of
Norway in the period 1905-1957 under the name Haakon VII. He was a member of the
House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg abbreviated the Glücksburg
dynasty. An alternative would be to select a cultural conservative candidate from either
the Glücksburg or Bernadotte line. Other relevant alternatives are the Oldenburg line.
Personally, I would prefer to genetically identify a suitable candidate from the Fairhair
(Hårfagre) line. The suitable family would in this case be “coached” by a neighbouring
and willing royal family for at least three years before a coronation could take place.
We must assume that a one, perhaps two of our European royal families will betray their
oath and reject our rule in the future after a coup. We must be prepared to implement a
concise strategy which preserves European monarchies.
2.102 Not a war between capitalism and socialism but a cultural war between
nationalism and internationalism
European public welfare has a minor role regarding the ongoing suicide of Europe. This is
primarily a cultural fight between nationalism (Monoculturalism) and internationalism
(multiculturalism) and not an economical war between capitalism and socialism.
Being right-wing and anti-Marxist does not mean you oppose the idea of a welfare state.
The Tory Party in Great Britain introduced the first pensions and the first state medical
care for the poor although it is commonly thought that the socialists did it. Bismarck also
contributed significantly to create a welfare state and no one would call him a left winger.
The brutal truth of the matter is the following; a welfare state will work perfectly well
intertwined with capitalistic doctrines as long as the country is monocultural/the social
cohesion level is at an acceptable level. A welfare state would never work in the US due
to the lack of social cohesion, because they have large minority groups who are allowed
parallel cultures, norms and ethics.
Blindly opposing welfare is an American neo-Con doctrine and has nothing to do with
nationalism. There are certain aspects of modern civilisation and common decency which
require degrees of state welfare. It is the way it is legislated and managed which is
crucial. Multiculturalism will always result in the destruction of any welfare system
because the majority will eventually disallow excessive taxation in order to subsidise
thousands or millions of poor people with parallel and quite frankly inferior cultures and
ethics.
Many right wing Americans live under the illusion that they won the cold war simply
because capitalism prevailed. Americans often forget to differentiate socialism/welfare
with Marxist internationalism but these set of doctrines are two entirely different
concepts. The ongoing European civil war is not a fight between capitalism and
socialism/welfare. It is a cultural war between nationalism and internationalism. The
European welfare systems have little to do with the current cultural and demographical
suicide of Europe. The main issue here is the struggle between internationalism
(Marxism/multiculturalism/globalism) and nationalism (cultural conservatism).
Marxism/internationalism/globalism/multiculturalism is an ideology designed to
deconstruct European traditions, cultures, identities and even nation states while
nationalism is the anti-thesis. In order for the internationalists to succeed they have
combined this political deconstruction with mass-Muslim immigration. Of course, motives
vary. Globalist capitalists (like the Republican Party) are supporting mass Muslim
immigration for the cheap labour while the Democratic Party (cultural Marxists) are
supporting it for the votes.
A common misconception is that nationalism results in backwardness and halts progress,
science and any form of development. The Marxists or capitalist globalists will say that
you cannot stop or avoid globalism/multiculturalism which is of course nothing more than
propaganda. Japan and South Korea proves very well that this statement is wrong. Both
nations are monocultural and at the same time very developed and are considered two of
the most successful countries.
But the US and other multicultural countries will without a doubt have a great advantage
due to the fact that they are allowing highly educated immigrants? They will also gain a
significant productivity level due to the fact that they allow modern day slavery
(productive immigrants working under minimum wage)?
First of all, very few countries actually have a strict entry policies and will allow any and
all depending on the fact that the candidate has higher education or not. Australia and
the US are, on the other hand, quite strict and usually limit much of the immigration to
these candidates.
However, the US does not have a welfare system so these immigrants will cost the
society minimal if they lose their job. Secondly, the majority of immigrants accepted by
most European countries are conservative Muslims with little or no education. This forms
a destructive mix considering that they get full access to the welfare system.
Secondly, monocultural and highly developed countries such as Japan and South Korea
prove that a well organised school system (see school systems for the future) will allow
each country to develop enough professionals from their country without having to
import from third world countries. The current trend of poaching highly educated foreign
nationals is nothing more than a negative spiral which delays essential school reforms.
Instead of accepting a dysfunctional school system by importing foreign nationals we
intend to reform the system quite drastically. This will also involve copying Japanese and
South Korean (old European) doctrines. These policies are actually our own as it is a blue
print of the English system which was in effect in the 1950s.
On a personal level, considering the fact that others might see me as an anti-socialist
elitist, considering the fact that I would like to see the massive European public sectors
reduced drastically from current 40-70% down to 25%. However, this is not up to me but
rather up to the future nationalist leadership of Europe. Furthermore, my loyalty to my
nation and people surpasses any of my secondary or tertiary anti-socialist objectives.
After all, we are fighting a war against internationalism, not against the European welfare
state.
2.103 Democracy needs a Reformation
By Ohmyrus
Why should a welfare bum have the same one vote that a taxpayer has? Why should a
drug pusher have the same one vote as a Mother Theresa? Why should a school dropout
have the same one vote as a college professor?
The one man, one vote system gives everybody an equal say in how a country is to be
run. But obviously, each citizen contributes unequally to the society. Some, like drug
pushers, damage society. Others, like welfare bums, take resources from society paid for
by more diligent members. Given the unequal contributions, why should everyone be
given an equal right (one vote) to choose its leaders?
That is the question that I have always asked myself.
Don't get me wrong, I do not want to destroy democracy. I think that despite all its
faults, it is still the best form of government yet devised by man.
As Churchill once said, democracy is the worst form of government, except for all the
rest. Yet, there are problems with it which if not addressed may result in the collapse of
democracy. I wish to prolong its life by identifying its problems and proposing possible
solutions before the problems cause a system failure.
This attitude may seem strange for, after the collapse of Communism, it appears that
democracy has finally triumphed. (3) It appeared to many including writers like Francis
Fukuyama that we have reached the end of History, meaning that we have reached the
final stage in the evolution of human society with democracy as the best way to organise
society.
In 1900, only a handful of countries were democracies, compared to 119 or 62 per cent
of the world today. US President George Bush wants to promote democracy in the
remaining places, confident of its appeal and justness. I am alone in the wilderness
trying to sound a warning that we should not be complacent. We have been brought up
to believe that each person has the right to one vote. Thus the thought that some
citizens should receive more votes than others is repugnant to most of us.
Leaving aside the moral issue, let us instead analyze the economic and social
consequences that flow from this.
Before we begin, let me point out that politicians act like entrepreneurs or businessmen.
The only difference is that instead of earning money, they earn votes. The businessman
sells a product or service in exchange for dollars. The politician sells himself for votes
instead of money. Both will do a market survey of the population and craft strategies
designed to appeal to the buyers or voters. To emphasise the similarity of businessmen
and politicians, I will from now on refer to politicians as "votreprenuers" or use the two
words interchangeably. As a result of the behaviour of votreprenuers, democracy has the
following flaws:
1) Democracy produces welfare states
The first thing a votreprenuer will notice in his market survey is that income distribution
does not follow a normal distribution. It is skewed to one side. There are, simply put,
more poor people than rich people. What this means is that politicians can prosper at the
ballot box by proposing redistributive policies. The result is the welfare state and high
taxes.
Benjamin Franklin puts it very beautifully and succintly. He said: 'Democracy is two
wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.' (5)
The welfare state reduces the incentive to work and inhibits entrepreneurial risk-taking.
On top of that, labour friendly laws in Europe make it difficult to fire workers, who
already have very short working hours compared to Americans and Asians. In some parts
of Europe, the debilitating results can be clearly seen. Unemployment in France and
Germany is around 10 per cent. Of course, a votreprenuer would not tell the truth to his
voters by saying, "Vote for me and you can be lazy because we will get the hardworking
taxpayers to support you."
Instead, he would couch his sales speech in a manner that dulls their conscience and
makes them feel entitled to use their vote to transfer money from somebody's wallet to
their own. This creates a climate of entitlement and dependency which is debilitating.
These entitlements help the middle class more than the poor because that is where most
of the votes are. In the present system, the centre of gravity of the electorate is Mr
Average and this produces mediocre government.
On top of this, dependency on a faceless government has social consequences. It has
eroded the ancient relationship between parents and children. For countless generations,
parents have depended on their children to provide for them in their old age.
Now they depend on the government. Since children are no longer pension funds as in
the past and taxes being so high, people decide to have fewer of them. If you look at the
birth rates of Europe and Japan, you will find that they are below replacement levels. Yet
the young are still expected to provide for the old! This time the provision is indirect -
through the government in the form of higher taxes and welfare payments to the old. As
the population in modern democracies ages, and with lower birth rates, it means that a
shrinking working population has to support the old.
Would it not be better to cut out the middleman? It would certainly shrink the
government bureaucracy if each retired person depended on his children in his old age as
in the past. It would give them greater incentive to have more children and to raise them
well which would also be beneficial to marriages. It was reported in the Economist in
1988 that less than 1% of American poor consist of people who are married, finished
high school and held a job for at least a year. (6) All it takes to stay above the poverty
line a a little bit of effort to get an education, be faithful to your spouse and keep a job.
In other words, all you need are the old fashioned virtues of diligence, discipline and
fidelity to one's spouse.
Nowadays, men find it easy to abandon their wives and children because they know they
won't starve. The state will take care of them. This could have contributed to unstable
marriages.
At the same time, the votreprenuers also notice that people hate paying taxes. They
want benefits from government but don't like contributing money. So to cater for this
market, they will promise tax cuts. The results are budget deficits and soaring public
debt.
If you look at the statistics, most of the OECD governments have huge budget deficits.
(1) As a whole, the OECD is running a combined budget deficit amounting to a tad shy of
4 per cent of GDP. Much of it comes from the US which has a budget deficit of about 5
per cent of GDP.
Japan is even worse at more than 6 per cent of GDP. Some economists have been
warning of economic collapse if something is not done. Sometimes, politicians would
inflate the money supply to pay for their deficit spending, resulting in inflation. Other
times, they would resort to government borrowing which results in higher interest rates.
Should there be an economic crash resulting in massive unemployment or high inflation,
confidence in democracy will plummet. Then people will be ready to put power in the
hands of a dictator. That was one reason why Hitler got into power.
2) Democracy produces short-term thinking
The second thing votreprenuers notice is that they face elections once every four or five
years. This means that they cannot afford to take a long term view of things. Politicians
know that their time in office is limited. To stay in office, they come up with policies that
are popular in the short run even though they know are disastrous in the long run. I am
sure you have heard of the saying, "No pain, no gain."
Democracies are incapable of delivering short term pain for long term gain. They tend to
do the opposite, ie, deliver short term gain at the expense of long term pain. The
growing government debt in the US and other democracies is a good example of this. To
satisfy this present generation of voters, politicians are making future generations pay
the bill. The unborn of course cannot vote. The result of one man one vote is higher
taxes, interest rates, inflation rates and government spending.
Part of the problem is that there is a misalignment between the personal interests of the
politicians with that of the country as a whole. The votrepreneurers want to get elected
by hook or by crook. Sometimes, the policies he promotes are damaging in the long term
even though popular in the short term. Of course, eventually, the chickens will come
home to roost some day, but he won’t be in office by then!
If you ask me, I think the monarchies of the 19th century Europe were better
macroeconomic managers than the democratically elected politicians of the 20th century.
Statistics show that interest rates, taxes and inflation were on the whole lower. So was
government debt as a share of the GDP. (2)
The reason is simple. The monarchs and nobles were confident of being in power for the
rest of their lives and they wanted their sons to inherit the thrones of prosperous
countries. So they tended to think more for the long term. It should also be added that
most of the European monarchs of that era did not have absolute power and had to cater
to popular opinion. If they provoke them too much, they will lose their heads - literally
like Louis XVI.
This balance between royal prerogatives and popular pressure gave rise on the whole to
better macroeconomic management. The former gave a long term perspective to decision
making and the latter checked the power of the monarchs, preventing Saddam Hussein
type leaders from emerging.
3) Democracy has a tendency to divide people
For votreprenuers to win power, they must at least pretend to fight for
the market segments of voters that they deem are sufficient to secure
victory on election day. Some will fight for one ethnic group or the other. Others fight for
different income groups. Some try to court the lower income vote by promising
unemployment benefits while others fight for the higher income groups by promising tax
cuts.
Still others court the elderly voters. Then there are the social issues. Some are
conservative and religious while others are secular and liberal. Thus we see rich pitted
against the poor, liberals against the conservatives and racial groups against each other.
There is no incentive for a votrepreneurs to take an overall view for the good of the
country as a whole. He is constrained by his need for re-election to satisfy his voting
base that sent him to office. The people will develop a 'me first' mentality without
thinking about the good of the country as a whole.
Antagonism between economic classes and different ethnic groups can be exploited and
turned into votes for the votrepreneurs. Instead of cooling the passions of the people,
they are more likely to fan them so as to pose as their champions.
Often these lead to riots. In France this year, there were two riots - one economic in
nature and the other racial though there was some overlap. In the first riot, people were
protesting a new French law making it easier for employers to fire young workers on
probation.
The second riot was racial and religious in nature. Ethnic North Africa minorities who are
Muslim rioted for many days. Race, language and religion divide people into groups. The
presence of each element increases tension. Tensions are at their greatest if all three
elements are different between two groups and lowest if only one is present between two
different groups.
But whether the tension level is high or low, it needs to be managed.
But instead of managing tensions, votreprenuers heighten them to win votes. Hitler won
votes and power by unfairly blaming the Jews for Germany's problems. When dictator
Tito was in power, Yugoslavia was in one piece with ethnic tensions well managed. But
when democracy came to Yugoslavia, politicians posed as champions for their own ethnic
groups by fanning grievances and demonising others. The result was a civil war.
Summing up, democracy suffers from three weaknesses - its penchant for redistributive
policies, short-term thinking and ethnic discord. These weaknesses are already present in
varying degrees in most mature democracies of the western world. At present, none are
in danger of collapse. But as time goes by, the danger will grow.
In the case of America, there is a huge budget deficit that threatens to destabilise not
only its economy but also the world economy, given America's share of the world GDP. Its
growing minorities, both legal and illegal, have the potential to create discord if ethnic
tensions are not properly managed.
But it is the Socialist countries like France -- with their combination of redistributive
policies and ethnic tensions created by short-term thinking politicians -- that are in
greatest danger of a collapse of democracy. France has a Muslim population amounting to
10 per cent of its total population. The Muslims are of a different race, speak a different
language and have a different religion than the other Frenchmen.
This makes the problem more serious than, say, the ethnic tensions between blacks and
white in America where the only difference is one of race. Also, France has an
unemployment rate of 10 per cent, with many of the unemployed being Muslims. The
recent riots may be the first shots of a civil war. The day may not be far off for a French
version of Adolf Hitler as ethnic tensions increase.
I foresee that European Muslims will within in the next 20 years demand autonomous
regions in cities where sharia law rules. This will provoke the "classical" Europeans who
feel their way of life being threatened and there will be a backlash. The people will fall
prey to racists groups who of course will promise to defend their way of life. While it took
a long time for Europeans to learn to settle their differences peacefully through the ballot
box, this important lesson is slowly being unlearned. The lesson learned from the Danish
cartoon affair is that violence pays.
Most western governments caved in by issuing apologies or condemning the cartoons
instead of defending free speech. Soon groups that oppose immigration will turn to
violence too. If European democracies cannot manage their ethnic tensions, democracy
will break down, ushering in dictatorial rule.
How then should democracy be reformed? We must build a system that balances popular
demands with long term thinking. There must also be a system that matches the right to
vote with the amount of contribution the voter makes to society. If this sounds elitist,
then I am in good company.
The early founding fathers of America were elitist too, especially men like Alexander
Hamilton. They restricted voting to those with property, who were then the educated part
of the population and who probably paid most of the taxes. Being men of property, they
had a stake in the country's long term future and could be relied on to take a longer term
view. Even as late as 1824, only 5 per cent of adult Americans could vote in the
Presidential elections. (4)
Don't get me wrong. I am not advocating restricting voting to rich people. But I do
advocate striking a proper balance between competing needs. I have thought out some
reforms which I believe will improve the situation.
Firstly, I propose that the Senate or Upper House be comprised of people that are elected
for life and their personal interests be more closely aligned with that of the nation. Once
made a Senator, he is no longer subjected to popular pressures that produce short term
thinking. The Senator can only be removed if he commits a crime or is incapacitated. The
House of Representatives will continue as before and its members be subjected to
periodic elections.
The elected Senators should be paid in accordance to his 'market rate'. This effectively
means he should be paid the income he has to forgo as a result of going into politics.
Salaries will be adjusted for economic growth. Bonuses will be given if certain economic
benchmarks (eg unemployment, inflation, GDP growth) are attained. These benchmarks
can be reviewed once every 10 years, say.
To further ensure long term thinking, his salary will continued to be paid into his estate
for 10 years after his demise.
By making the Senate a life-time job, we ensure a balance between short term demands
of the electorate and long term needs. We ensure a balance between the voters of today
with the voters yet to be born. Our huge budget deficits and government debt is putting
a burden on future generations who have no vote at present. It is unfair to saddle them
with so much debt. Present voters are effectively taxing their children and grandchildren
so that they can enjoy a profligate lifestyle.
The second proposal I have is that we make the vote transferable to other citizens. Each
voter can buy or sell votes through an electronic marketplace for votes. The logic is like
this. Votreprenuers are already buying votes with taxpayers' money by promising all
sorts of government programs that will benefit this or that constituency. Why not allow
the voters to do it directly without going through the middleman? Why can't voters buy
votes when politicians are already doing that, in effect?
There will still be redistribution of income from the haves to the have-nots but without
going through an often inefficient government bureaucracy. There will be tax savings
from cutting out the middleman. This is what I think will happen in practice: The higher-
income groups will end up with more votes since they have money to spend. But so will
groups passionate about certain causes.
They will use the votes to curb government spending and lower taxes to benefit
themselves. They will also balance the budget because they know it is unsustainable and
eventually ruinous to their stock and bond portfolios.
But the have-nots will be compensated with cash. After some trial and error, a balance
will be reached in which the losses from government entitlement programs will be
approximately equal to the sales proceeds of their votes. Without welfare spending,
welfare bums will have more incentive to look for jobs and improve their skills - even
after selling their votes.
It is time to subject the electoral process to some sort of market discipline which my
proposal will allow. The end result is that the balance of power tilts more towards the
above average. These members of society who for usually good reasons are better
educated, more successful and generate more GDP per head.
They also are people who are more talented, more diligent, more focused on the long
term. Successful people also tend to have more stable marriages. Under the present
system, people who are more disciplined, contribute more to the country and work
harder are taxed more to help those more indolent, more irresponsbile and contribute
less.
Under the present system, votreprenuers have electoral incentives to market their
services to another group of people - the old. Under the present system, retirees are
supported by the state. In the US you have Social Security. This means that you no
longer need your children to support you in your old age. The state will support you. In
other words, you are relying on other people's children to support you.
But everybody has the same idea of relying on other people's children. Those who take
the effort and money to raise good productive citizens are doing it for the benefit of
others. They will be paying into Social Security and supporting some faceless strangers.
The end result is that couples have fewer children and you end up with fewer working
people to support retirees. This is happening not just in the US but also in other
democracies.
It violates the millennium old practice of relying on our own offspring for our old age. It
also violates a very good principle - you should be rewarded based on your own efforts.
Relying on your own children for your old age may also have a beneficial effect on
marriages as people have a financial incentive to maintain a harmonious household to
raise their kids - since their own kids are their Social Security. People will think three
times before they cheat on their spouses as this will endanger their marriages.
Under the present system, people who are very passionate with their issues and people
who are apathetic on the issues have one vote each. Under my proposed changes, those
who believe passionately in their issues be it the environment or abortion can pay for
more votes.
People who are passionate on the issues tend to be better informed since they have done
sufficient research and would vote more wisely than those who are apathetic on the
whole electoral process. Even in an US Presidential election, usually less than 70% of
eligible voters bother to vote. Those not interested might as well sell their vote to those
who are interested. This proposal, I believe will shift the centre of gravity of the
electorate to Mr Above Average, which should produce more intelligent government.
The third proposal is that the President's term of office be increased to a single term of
eight years. This would free him from the need to seek re-election and permits him to
think long term. Without worrying about re-election, it is in his self interest to ponder
what history will say of him and this will result in better decision making.
To sum up, we should not become complacent about democracy's future. There are long
festering and growing economic and ethnic problems which short term thinking
votreprenuers cannot solve. With the rise of India and China (with their hardworking
cheap labour), it is quite clear that the welfare state in Europe and to a lesser extent in
America cannot be sustained.
The rising tide of Muslim immigrants in Europe who refuse to assimilate and adopt the
culture of the host countries adds to the problems. A combination of economic hardships
and ethnic tensions set the stage for the collapse of democracy and the emergence of
another Strong Man, another Hitler perhaps. I am sure nobody wants to see that happen.
We should fix the problems while there is still time. But I am not optimistic. To solve
these problems requires long term solutions and invariably short term pain which
democracies cannot deliver.
Sources:
1. http://www.budget.gov.au/2004-05/overview/html/overview_main-03.htm
2. See the book, "Democracy: The God that failed."
3. There is currently a challenge from radical Islamism, whose proponents want to organise human society based on Islam. This
can cause horrendous bloodshed and must be taken seriously, but at the moment its supporters are confined to a minority of
the Muslim population, albeit a large minority.
4. See the book, "The Future of Freedom".
5. http://www.quotedb.com/quotes/1900
6. See page 221 of the book, "The Politically Incorrect Guide to American History".
Comments: LoneStranger:
While I admire your fervour for prolonging a dying country, I think you have to accept the
ultimate truth that it is a dying country. Like all things living, countries have a finite life
span, and they too must cease to exist. In the case of America, the argument could
easily be made that it ceased to exist in its intended form a long time ago. What we have
now is an America that resembles its former self in appearance only, and even that is
stretching it.
The sad truth is that the people who today proudly call themselves Americans would run
and hide from the level of freedom enjoyed by the earliest inhabitants of the states. We
are so conditioned to accept what the founders would have abhorred that, much like
Brooks in The Shawshank Redemption, we would rather kill ourselves than taste
freedom.
Democracy, Republic, democracy, republic. It doesn’t matter what name you give it or
whether you capitalise the word. That is merely semantics. What matters is when the ball
got rolling because the lives of nations are etched on a wheel. There is a point where
they begin and a point where they end. Granted, those points are not always easily
defined, particularly when it comes to the end. After all, no one enjoys celebrating the
end of something loved. But the freedom enjoyed at the beginnings of this country will
never be enjoyed again by its citizens. The wheel has started turning. The end will most
likely be beyond any of our lifetimes, but it is coming.
Man enjoys all manner of rights. Governments are instituted to protect those rights.
Unfortunately, all governments operate under the greedy guise of helpers when the
wolves in sheeps’ clothing (votreprenuers) are really about solidifying their own power.
This is done through the usurpation of the peoples’ rights.
All rights exist in the ether, and all belong to the people. When the people enter into a
government, they voluntarily set aside a portion of those rights for the good of society.
The trouble is not that the balance never stays the same. The trouble is that the flow of
rights only happens from one side to the other. (I’ll let you guess which direction that is
and where they are being stockpiled right now.)
Ever read The Firm? In that story, the shady law firm throws money at new associates
and gets them accustomed to the good life for a few years before they tell them the truth
about the dishonest business dealings. That’s how we’ve gotten hooked as well. We’re
comfortable with the way things are regardless of how much we kick and scream about
the guv’mint, and the votreprenuers know this. They know they can continue to slowly
chip away at our freedoms with our permission and in front of our very eyes as long as
they allow us the comfort of the illusion of freedom.
It will continue this way because there cannot be a net gain in rights for us. We started
with all of them. The best we can hope for, and the position you seem to take, is that we
can reach a happy medium whereby we reach a steady state of no net loss. But
governments are tricky by their very nature. As you point out, democracy thrives on
short-term thinking. I’d refine that statement further to say that government thrives on
short-term thinking. Government rewards the connivers and cheats, making it far
unlikely that we can ever beat them at the game of who gets to keep the rights.
Therefore, we’re faced with a dilemma. The government is a politically capitalist entity.
And despite our best efforts, we cannot match its efficiency because we designed it to be
ruthless in order to stave off all manner of external and internal attacks. Unfortunately, in
our haste to craft an unbeatable system, we placed ourselves outside the wall. The
citizens of America have reached the point where we no longer can control the
behemoth.
That’s why I believe you’re off base with attempting to salvage the current system. It’s
like trying to put toothpaste back into the tube. What we’re faced with, and what most
people will probably never acknowledge because it threatens their illusion of America, is
the realisation that we cannot turn back the rolling wheel. It will continue to roll, and the
best we can hope for is to slow its acceleration toward death.
2.104 Future deportations of Muslims from Europe
“It’s difficult to discuss deportation of Muslims openly in a society where it is not
even allowed to discuss Islam…”
The reason why authors on the Eurabia related issues/Islamisation of Europe - Fjordman,
Spencer, Ye’or, Bostom etc. aren’t actively discussing deportation is because the method
is considered too extreme (and thus would damage their reputational shields). This would
un-doubtfully undermine their work and probably disallowing them to publish any future
books. However, the warning about Islam has been repeated for more than two decades
and it is apparent that 40 more years of dialogue, without action, would have a
devastating effect on Europe. If these authors are to scared to propagate a conservative
revolution and armed resistance then other authors will have to.
Historical deportations from Europe
Greece - Muslim Cham Expulsion in 1944[3]
Following the conquest of Greece by Nazi Germany, the Italians, whose zone of
occupation included Epirus, recruited a large number of Muslim Cham citizens to assist
them. During the occupation, a significant number of Muslim Chams were responsible for
atrocities against ethnic Greeks. supporting the realisation of a Greater Albania.
Cham Muslims alongside the Wehrmacht (NS Germany) also played a key role in the
Holocaust in Greece, rounding up 2000 Greek Jews and sending them to Auschwitz and
Birkenau
After WW2, 25 000 Muslim Albanian Chams were deported from Greece (Chameria).
These people were descendants of Cham “beys” (Muslim feudal lords under the Islamic
Ottoman Empire) who had earlier confiscated much land from their non-Muslim subjects.
Deportation of Muslims from Israel
According to Israeli Professor Martin Van Crevel at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem
and military historian:
"The Palestinians should all be deported. The people who strive for this (the Israeli
government) are waiting only for the right man and the right time. Two years ago, only 7 or
8 per cent of Israelis were of the opinion that this would be the best solution, two months
ago it was 33 per cent, and now, according to a Gallup poll, the figure is 44 percent."
Creveld said he was sure that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon wanted to deport the
Palestinians.
"I think it's quite possible that he wants to do that. He wants to escalate
the conflict. He knows that nothing else we do will succeed."
Asked if he was worried about Israel becoming a rogue state if it carried out a genocidal
deportation against Palestinians, Creveld quoted former Israeli Defence Minister Moshe
Dayan who said "Israel must be like a mad dog, too dangerous to bother."
Creveld argued that Israel wouldn't care much about becoming a rogue state.
"Our armed forces are not the thirtieth strongest in the world, but rather the second or
third. We have the capability to take the world down with us. And I can assure you that this
will happen before Israel goes under."
Source:
http://www.sweetliberty.org/issues/israel/destroycaps.html
Deportation as the only alternative (Kosovo, Israel illustration)
A state that is much interested in the Kosovo precedent and history is Israel. Up to 1987,
Tel-Aviv controlled the situation in the West Bank and Gaza, having being victorious in
five consecutive wars against its Arab neighbours. The start of the first Intifada, the
population explosion of the Muslim Arabs, the dramatic appearance of international Jihad,
and the relative decline of the Western (European) support to Israel poses a strategic-
survival dilemma to the Israeli policy makers:
Should they try to push towards a conciliation approach towards the Palestinians and
decide for a low key strategy against them; or to oppose all calls for bargain and form a
strategy of a total war? That was the same dilemma the Serbians reached in the early
‘90’s. They first used tactic number one and it failed. The second option was barely
begun to be implemented in late 1998 and would have yielded total success had it not
been for the NATO air campaign in 1999. Note however that Kosovo is a province of the
Serbian state therefore in contrast with the Israelis the Serbians are not in fear of “Being
driven to the sea”. One certain conclusion is that countries such as Israel will invest
considerable intellectual capacity in making concrete analysis based on Kosovo’s recent
history.
Kosovo marks the first definite victory of European Islam since the occupation of the
island of Crete by the Ottomans in 1669. The difference was that then all the major
European powers fought in unity.
Historical examples of deportation:
1. Population transfer (deportations) in the Soviet Union[1]
Population transfer in the Soviet Union may be classified into the following broad
categories: deportations of "anti-Soviet" categories of population, often classified as
"enemies of workers", deportations of nationalities, labour force transfer, and organised
migrations in opposite directions to fill the ethnically cleansed territories. In most cases
their destinations were under-populated remote areas, see involuntary settlements in the
Soviet Union. This includes deportations to the Soviet Union of non-Soviet citizens from
countries outside the USSR.
Date of
transfer
Targeted
group
Approximate
numbers Place of initial residence Transfer destination Stated reasons for transfer
April 1920
Cossacks,
Terek
Cossacks
45,000 North Caucasus Ukrainian SSR, northern Russian
SFSR
"Decossackisation", stopping
Russian colonisation of North
Caucasus
1921
Cossacks,
Semirechye
Cossacks
Semirechye Extreme North, concentration
camps
"Decossackisation", stopping
Russian colonisation of
Turkestan
September
1922
"Socially
dangerous
elements"
18,000 Western border regions of
Ukraine and Belarus Western Siberia, Far East Social threat
1930–1936 Kulaks 2,323,000
"Regions of total
collectivisation", most of Russia,
Ukraine, other regions
Northern Russian SFSR, Ural,
Siberia, North Caucasus, Kazakh
ASSR, Kyrgyz ASSR
Collectivisation
November–
December
1932
Peasants 45,000 Krasnodar Krai (Russia) Northern Russia Sabotage
1933 Nomadic
Kazakhs 200,000 Kazakh SSR China, Mongolia, Iran,
Afghanistan, Turkey
February–May
1935 Ingrian Finns 30,000 Leningrad Oblast (Russia) Vologda Oblast, Western Siberia,
Kazakh SSR, Tajik SSR
February–
March 1935
Germans,
Poles 412,000 Central and western Ukrainian
SSR Eastern Ukrainian SSR
May 1935 Germans,
Poles 45,000 Border regions of Ukrainian SSR Kazakh SSR
July 1937 Kurds 2,000
Border regions of Georgian SSR,
Azerbaijan SSR, Armenian SSR,
Turkmenian SSR, Uzbek SSR,
and Tajik SSR
Kazakh SSR, Kyrgyz SSR
September–
October 1937 Koreans 172,000 Far East Northern Kazakh SSR, Uzbek
SSR
September–
October 1937
Chinese,
Harbin
Russians
9,000 Southern Far East Kazakh SSR, Uzbek SSR
1938 Persian Jews 6,000 Mary Province (Turkmen SSR) Deserted areas of northern
Turkmen SSR
January 1938
Azeris,
Persians,
Kurds,
Assyrians
n/a Azerbaijan SSR Kazakh SSR Iranian citizenship
February–
June 1940
Poles
(including
refugees from
Poland)
276,000 Western Ukrainian SSR, western
Byelorussian SSR
Northern Russian SFSR, Ural,
Siberia, Kazakh SSR, Uzbek SSR
July 1940
"Foreigners" /
"Other
ethnicities"
n/a Murmansk Oblast (Russia) Karelo-Finnish SSR and Altai
Krai (Russia)
May–June
1941
"Counter-
revolutionaries
and
nationalists"
107,000
Ukrainian SSR, Byelorussian
SSR, Moldavian SSR, Estonian
SSR, Latvian SSR, Lithuanian
SSR
Siberia, Kirov (Russian SFSR),
Komi (Russian SFSR), Kazakh
SSR
September
1941 – March
1942
Germans More than
780,000
Povolzhye, the Caucasus,
Crimea, Ukraine, Moscow,
central Russia
Kazakhstan, Siberia
September
1941
Ingrian Finns,
Germans 91,000 Leningrad Oblast (Russia) Kazakhstan, Siberia, Astrakhan
Oblast (Russia), Far East
1942 Ingrian Finns 9,000 Leningrad Oblast (Russia) Eastern Siberia, Far East
April 1942
Greeks,
Romanians,
etc.
n/a Crimea, North Caucasus n/a
June 1942
Germans,
Romanians,
Crimean
Tatars, Greeks
with foreign
citizenship
n/a Krasnodar Krai (Russia) n/a
August 1943 Karachais 70,500 Karachay-Cherkessia Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, other Banditism, other
December
1943 Kalmyks 93,000 Kalmykia Kazakhstan, Siberia
February
1944
Chechens,
Ingushes,
Balkars
522,000 North Caucasus Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan 1940-1944 insurgency in
Chechnya
February
1944 Kalmyks 3,000 Rostov Oblast (Russia) Siberia
March 1944 Kurds, Azeris 3,000 Tbilisi (Georgia) Southern Georgia
May 1944 Balkars 100 Northern Georgia Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan
May 1944 Crimean
Tatars 1,000,000 Crimea Uzbekistan
May–June
1944
Greeks,
Bulgarians,
Armenians,
Turks
42,000 Crimea Uzbekistan (?)
May–July
1944 Kalmyks 26,000 Northeastern regions Central Russia, Ukraine
June 1944 Kalmyks 1,000 Volgograd Oblast (Russia) Sverdlovsk Oblast (Russia)
June 1944 Kabardins 2,000 Kabardino-Balkaria Southern Kazakhstan Collaboration with the Nazis
July 1944
Russian True
Orthodox
Church
adherers
1,000 Central Russia Siberia
August–
September
1944
Poles 30,000 Ural, Siberia, Kazakhstan Ukraine, European Russia
November
1944
Meskhetian
Turks, Kurds,
Hamshenis,
Karapapaks
92,000 Southwestern Georgia Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan,
Kyrgyzstan
November
1944
Lazes and
other
inhabitants of
the border
zone
1,000 Ajaria (Georgia) Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan,
Kyrgyzstan
December
1944
Members of
the
Volksdeutsche
families
1,000 Mineralnye Vody (Russia) Siberia (according to other
sources Tajikistan) Collaboration with the Nazis
January 1945 "Traitors and
collaborators" 2,000 Mineralnye Vody (Russia) Tajikistan Collaboration with the Nazis
May 1948 Kulaks 49,000 Lithuania Eastern Siberia Banditism
June 1948 Greeks,
Armenians 58,000 The Black Sea coast of Russia Southern Kazakhstan
For Armenians: membership in
the nationalist Dashnaktsutiun
Party
June 1948 "Spongers"
("тунеядцы") 16,000 n/a n/a "Social parasitism"
October 1948 Kulaks 1,000 Izmail Oblast (Ukraine) Western Siberia
March 1949 Kulaks 94,000 Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia Siberia, Far East Banditism
May–June
1949
Armenians,
Turks, Greeks n/a The Black Sea coast (Russia),
South Caucasus Southern Kazakhstan
Membership in the nationalist
Dashnaktsutiun Party
(Armenians), Greek or Turkish
citizenship (Greeks), other
July 1949 –
May 1952 Kulaks 78,400
Moldavia, the Baltic States,
western Belarus, western
Ukraine, Pskov Oblast (Russia)
Siberia, Kazakhstan, Far East Banditism, other
March 1951 Basmachis 3,000 Tajikistan Northern Kazakhstan
April 1951 Jehovah's
Witnesses 3,000 Moldavia Western Siberia
2. Russia wanted to deport the Muslims in Eastern Europe but was confronted
and stopped by the United Kingdom and others.
After the Russo-Turkish War, Russia wanted to deport the Muslim Albanians (they had
historically referred to themselves as Turks) and take back Constantinople. During the
Congress of Berlin - Russia presented 61 articles. At this time, Russia was in a weakened
state militarily after the long war with the Ottoman Empire. Britain secretly agreed with
the Ottoman Empire that it would militarily protect it from Russia and receives Cyprus in
exchange. Disraeli therefore reversed article 16 to 61.
3. The Beneš decrees – The deportation of Germans from Czechoslovakia (1940-
45)[2]
It is possible that those Western countries where the infidels are strong enough will copy
the Benes Decrees from Czechoslovakia in 1946, when most of the so-called Sudeten
Germans, some 3.5 million people, had shown themselves to be a dangerous fifth column
without any loyalty to the state. The Czech government thus expelled them from its land.
As Hugh Fitzgerald of Jihad Watch has demonstrated, there is a much better case for a
Benes Decree for parts of the Muslim population in the West now than there ever was for
the Sudeten Germans.
4. The Bărăgan deportations[3]
The Bărăgan deportations were a large-scale action of penal transportation,
undertaken during the 1950s by the Romanian Communist regime. Their aim was to
forcibly relocate individuals who lived within approximately 25 km of the Yugoslav border
(in present-day Timiş, Caraş-Severin, and Mehedinţi counties) to the Bărăgan Plain.
The plans involved, as was later discovered in a document written in Timişoara in 1956,
the "purification of the Banat": the ethnic cleansing of Germans, Serbs and Aromanians.
Additionally, the plans involved the expulsion of members of several social categories
considered dangerous by the Romanian Communist Party. Among the targets were
farmers with large holdings (known as chiaburi, and roughly equivalent to the Soviet
kulaks), wealthy landowners, industrialists, innkeepers and restaurant owners,
Bessarabian and Macedonian refugees, former members of the Wehrmacht, foreign
citizens, relatives of the refugees, Titoist sympathisers, wartime collaborators of Nazi
Germany (see Romania during World War II), Romanian Army employees, fired civil
servants, relatives of counter-revolutionaries and all who had supported them, political
and civic rights activists, former businessmen with Western ties, and leaders of the ethnic
German community.
Further studies on deportations:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Deportation
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Population_transfer_in_the_Soviet_Union
2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benes_Decrees
3. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baragan_deportations
5. Expulsion of the Moriscos from Spain[1] (Muslim converts to Christianity)
Spain deported approximately 315 000 Moriscos to Northern Africa in the period 1609-
1614.
I would strongly recommend anyone to study the Morisco expulsion at it covers many
essential issues.
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expulsion_of_the_Moriscos
2.105 Change of investment/education mentality in the coming decades
Future food supply is essential
Most people underestimate the impact of high population vs. food supply. Being
dependant on too much food import is extremely risky and can prove to be catastrophic
for certain densely populated countries in a future scenario. Britain will have
approximately 70-80 million citizens in phase 2/3 of the civil war. If logistics fail for
various reasons millions might starve to death. Food hunger and starvation will likely
result in totally anarchy in certain areas of the country.
Cultural conservatives should take precautionary steps and consider and reassess the
long term goals of your investment and educational strategy. Being a potato farmer
might be unattractive now but is likely to be extremely useful in the future. When the
financial system breaks down (and they will) you will always be able to barter if you have
access to primary commodities.
Deevaluation of educational strategies
A multitude of educations will have little value under given circumstances. Still, I don't
think it will happen within 20 years. Marseilles or Brussels would be the first "epicentre"
for a civil war in a couple of decades most likely. If the multiculturalist governments
implement enough countermeasures they can keep stability going for up to five decades.
Communist Russia had severe problems already in the 50s but managed to keep it going
until 1991 (41 years). The last 20 years before the collapse the population were victim of
strict indoctrination and censorship.
There are certain parallels to the current trend of "media blackouts" concerning Muslim
riots in European metropolitans and punitive measures taken against anyone criticising
the current system model (cultural conservatives). EU will become a lot more totalitarian
the next decades before it eventually crashes.
In any case, I give the Western European system model 30-70 years maximum before at
least some of them implode.
Shifting our investment mentality from stocks/currency/bonds/real estate etc. to
commodity would also be a pragmatical approach in the decades to come.
It’s really hard to predict as we do not yet know the shape or form of the coming phase 2
and 3 war. Full blown civil war may last for up to 10-20 years. Alternatively, it could also
be a swift coup, ending the war in days with limited impact on infrastructure and flow of
resources.
The worst investment will without a doubt be be anything relating to property and any
investment in Muslim countries. Millions of Muslims will be deported in the future
resulting in a crash and complete meltdown in the real estate market. Prices will be
reduces by as much as 90% as there will be hundreds of thousands of vacant housing
units in many European cities. My advice to all cultural conservatives now (2010) is
therefore to steer away from real estate, stock market investments and investments in
Muslim countries altogether and rather invest in commodity. The US is already
bankerupt, they just don’t know it yet. They will bring the EU economy down with them.
Stock/option tips for the future:
As a general rule, stay away from stocks. But if nevertheless are planning to invest then
focus on the following areas:
Anything military/security related (guns, body armour, war supplies, security etc)
Transport sector – truck companies, railway, shipping (bulk, tank etc). Transport rates will
go through the roof as they do in all wars. However, many transport units always face the
risk of expropriation from national governments/militaries.
Coca Cola and similar companies have traditionally been “crisis proof”.
Farming/food production related companies.
Worst case scenario:
Alternative investments for the future (items that have little value today but will
increase in value)
- Guns – everything from assault rifles, ammo, grenades and mines.
- Body armour
- Fortified rural compounds with large rations of food/water
- Survival gear – including survival books, kits, fishing gear, basic farming
equipment
- Farms with focus on high calorie products
- Automobiles with limited high tech electronics (standard diesel engines)
Educations for the future
- Agriculture
- Any education with practical implementation - carpentry, car mechanic, medicine,
gun smith etc.
- Military/police/security educations
2.106 The ideological journey – from indoctrinated multiculturalist zealot to
Conservative Revolutionary
Our ideological journey starts with our very first experiences in
the world which contributes to shape our perception of reality, of
justice and of liberty.
When I first started on this compendium more than three years
ago I had already decided to only cover issues relating to
Islamisation and mass-Muslim immigration out of the fear of
being labeled as a racist. I have always been terrified of the
prospect of being labeled as a racist, to such a degree that I have
put significant restrictions on myself, not only verbally but
concerning all aspects of my social image. And I know this is the
case for a majority of Europeans. I would say I have allowed
myself to be paralyzed by this fear. I was inclined not to bring up
WW2, the relevance of ethnicity or mention the word race at all.
Unfortunately for me, I found out through the years of research
and study that everything is connected. Our present situation is a direct result of WW2
and the cold war, of the so called Frankfurt school and the rise of cultural
Marxism/multiculturalism and political correctness. We cannot ignore the relevancy of
these doctrines and we are forced to reflect on these issues if we are to have a
meaningful discussion. We are forced to bring up all the taboos and reassess all the
current “accepted truths”.
If I had met myself 12 years ago I would probably think I was an extreme and paranoid
nut, who believed in conspiracy theories:
“Our school institutions are brainwashing us and our media are systematically lying to us
you say? Lol, you’re, paranoid! Get a grip.”
All patriots sometimes feel like that guy in the Matrix who wants to go back into his pod,
and pretend he never learned the truth. It would be better wouldn’t it? At least for a
short while, but then again, my children would have hated me for my cowardice a few
decades down the road as THEY would have been forced to suffer due to my cowardice.
The thing is that many of our political and cultural elites, including politicians, NGO
leaders, university professors/lecturers, writers, journalists and editors – the individuals
making up the majority of the so called category A and B traitors, knows exactly what
they are doing. They know that they are contributing to a process of indirect cultural and
demographical genocide and they need to be held accountable for their actions. The truth
needs to come out. We are in the very beginning of a very bloody cultural war, a war
between nationalism and internationalism and we intend to win it. We will not allow the
EUSSR elites to deconstruct everything European nor to sell the peoples of Europe into
Muslim slavery. Islam WILL be thrown out of Europe for a third time and the Marxist,
humanist and globalist traitors who colluded with the Ummah will be held accountable for
their treason. We, the cultural conservatives, will not be able to determine our own future
until we seize political and military power in our own countries. The only way of achieving
this is to take individual responsibility and to contribute to create more resistance
fighters by spreading the truth. Spreading the truth in an efficient way will speed up the
ideological journey (the ideological maturity process/ideological confidence level) for
mainstream Europeans. People must learn to overcome their fears and stand up for their
beliefs. Our survival depends upon it.
2.107 Further studies
Dispatches - Undercover Mosque (Channel 4, London, UK)
Obsession- radical Islam’s war against the west
Obsession - part 1 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMLJJEDDDGc
Obsession - part 2 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Bev054pNzI
Obsession - part 3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bJE6bIiXps
Obsession - part 4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J61r-NRHPtQ
Obsession - part 5 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jwL_GefwUE
Obsession - part 6 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l17LmCEp1QI
Obsession - part 7 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYR5F3mbQ-4
Obsession - part 8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLXZpOG4VCI
Obsession - part 9 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QDPzPgkr4vk
Obsession - part 10 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lioOCOalPao
Fjordman’s book tips
I could also recommend some books that people should read.
About Islam I recommend essentially everything written by Robert Spencer. Bat Ye’or’s
books are groundbreaking and important, though admittedly not always easy to read.
The Legacy of Jihad by Andrew Bostom should be considered required reading for all
those interested in Islam. It is the best and most complete book available on the subject
in English, and possibly in any language. Ibn Warraq’s books are excellent, starting with
his Defending the West . Understanding Muhammad by the Iranian ex-Muslim Ali Sina is
also worth reading, as is Defeating Jihad by Serge Trifkovic.
If you are looking for books about the history of science, I recommend everything written
by Edward Grant. The Beginnings of Western Science by David C. Lindberg is very good,
though slightly more politically correct than Grant when it comes to science in the Islamic
world. The Rise of Early Modern Science: Islam, China and the West by Toby E. Huff is
excellent and highly recommended. These books are easy to read for an educated,
mainstream audience.
For books that are excellent, yet more specialised and slightly more difficult, I can
recommend Victor J. Katz for the history of mathematics and The History and Practice of
Ancient Astronomy by James Evans for the history of pre-telescopic astronomy up to and
including Kepler. Evans’ book is extremely well researched and detailed, almost too much
so on European and Middle Eastern astronomy, but contains virtually nothing on Chinese
or Mayan astronomy. For a more global perspective, Cosmos: An Illustrated History of
Astronomy and Cosmology by John North is good and not too difficult to read (Fjordman’s
tips).
Islamisation of Europe and Policies to Prevent It
Part 1: A theory of the Islamisation process in European countries
http://www.islam-watch.org/NoSharia/PreventEuropeIslamization1.htm
Part 2: A Theory of Policies and Laws That Prevents Islamisation of a Country - An
Integrated Approach
http://www.islam-watch.org/NoSharia/PreventEuropeIslamization2.htm
Part 3: Reformation of Islam and Various Law and Policy Issues
http://www.islam-watch.org/NoSharia/PreventEuropeIslamization3.htm
Part 4: Policy Area 4: Religious Freedom And Its Limits
http://www.islam-watch.org/NoSharia/PreventEuropeIslamization4.htm
Part 5: Policy Area 5: Human Rights Issues
http://www.islam-watch.org/NoSharia/PreventEuropeIslamization5.htm
Part 6: Policy Area 6: The Policy Of Assimilation or Integration?
http://www.islam-watch.org/NoSharia/PreventEuropeIslamization6.htm
Part 7: Policy Area 12: Foreign Policy, Part A
http://www.islam-watch.org/NoSharia/PreventEuropeIslamization7.htm
Part 8: Policy Area 12: Foreign Policy, Part B
http://www.islam-watch.org/NoSharia/Prevent-Europe-Islamization8.htm
Part 9: Policy Area 12: Security Policy, Part C
http://www.islam-watch.org/NoSharia/Prevent-Europe-Islamization9.htm
Part 10: Policy Area 8: Rules for Visas, Immigration and Citizenship
http://www.islam-watch.org/NoSharia/Prevent-Europe-Islamization10.htm
"""